COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT
The power to
improve lives
MEET OUR NATIONAL PARTNERS
We strive to make a positive
difference in the communities
®
where we live and work. That’s
why, in 2016, we created the Ulta
PARTNER  SINCE 2009  PARTNER  SINCE 2016  PARTNER  SINCE 2017
Beauty Charitable Foundation
Works to prevent and cure breast  Works to give vulnerable children   Empowers women to achieve
(UBCF) to enhance the well-
cancer by supporting clinical and  in the U.S. and around the world  economic independence by
being and education of women  WHAT THEY DO  translational research at medical  a healthy start in life and the  providing a network of support,
and families. Women make up  institutions across the world.  opportunity to learn.  professional attire and the tools
to help them thrive in work and
the majority of our guests and
in life.
our associates, and our donations
help women across the country
Our donations fund the work of  We implement a program once a  UBCF provides Dress for Success®
live to their fullest potential.
a diverse group of researchers.  year at the in-store point of sale.  Worldwide with financial support,
This support covers the entire  Associates also wore red in 2020  products and associate volunteer
spectrum of breast cancer  to raise awareness with guests,  time. We adjusted to provide
HOW WE HELP
Our philanthropic efforts began in  research—from understanding  and associates had the opportu- services virtually in 2020.
2009, when we began our partnership  metastatic disease to identifying  nity to write letters to children in
with the Breast Cancer Research  new targets and treatments.  vulnerable communities.
Foundation. Since then, we have
broadened our focus to support other
organizations that help women and  $37 million+  $2.3 million   $500,000
families thrive. We have since added
raised since 2009  raised since 2016 for   donated since 2017
two more national partners, Save the
education and emergency
Children® and Dress for Success®
$5.5 million   22,000+
response programs
Worldwide, who we support each year  OUR IMPACT
with monetary and in-kind donations,  raised in 2019, supporting  $1.2 million   women impacted in
board leadership and volunteer service.   110,000 research hours for  35 U.S. cities
UBCF has its own board made up of  25 researchers  raised in two weeks in 2020,
Ulta Beauty executives who help set  impacting 750,000 kids
policy and direction for the Foundation.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 24
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT
The power to improve lives (continued)
Wherever possible, we engage associates and guests in programs for giving back.
During a typical year, associates will donate their time and talents to, for example,
create hair and makeup styles for women looking to find employment or undergoing
treatment for breast cancer, organize donation drives or participate in fundraising
races. Meanwhile, guests can make contributions to our national partners at the
register or online, and participate in Cut for a Cause®, where the cost of a service is
donated to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation®. Due to COVID-19, many of these
in-person events have been temporarily suspended, and, as a result, we have shifted
to focus on matching gifts for associates and reaching guests and our nonprofit
partners’ clients online.
In late 2020, we organized Beauty on the Move, a virtual fitness event benefiting
BCRF® and open to all associates. Associates pledged to get moving by running,
walking, swimming or biking, and raised funds through donations from family and
friends. More than 450 associates took part in the event and collectively raised
nearly $110,000 for BCRF®.
funding research that matters
While we review our BCRF® funding portfolio annually, we try to fund projects
and investigators whom we can support in growing their research programs over
time. One of our grantees is Dr. William Kaelin, who works to rapidly apply
knowledge gained from studying other cancers to the treatment of breast
cancer. This work earned him the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
There are so many angles from which we’re helping researchers get closer to
ending this disease. Ulta Beauty’s support is helping the research community  In 2019, we featured
Steph Aiello, a makeup artist, influencer and
with grants in a range of areas:
wheelchair user, in one of our advertisements.
3% The ad caught the eye of young Maren Anderson,
7%
whose mother, Carolyn, captured this photo and
posted it on Facebook along with this  caption:
14%
Tumor Biology 38%  38%  “Well Ulta, you absolutely stopped  my  girl  in  her
tracks  this  evening. It was mesmerizing to watch
Treatment 38%
her stop, turn and gaze at this poster.”
Metastasis 14%
Heredity & Ethnicity 7%
38%
Lifestyle & Prevention 3%
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 25
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT

Hometown giving
Ulta Beauty’s corporate headquarters
of Chicago, and supporting organizations
of our priorities. We’re also building partnerships
empower underserved individuals in Chicago
For the past few years, we have developed
relationships with the Chicago Area Urban
League, which works to achieve equity for
Black families and communities through
social and economic empowerment; and
Skills for Chicagoland’s Future, which
helps unemployed job-seekers re-enter
the workforce. Our support takes the form
of donations, board service, volunteer
time and even hands-on training on
topics like interview skills. We increased
our support for both of these organizations
in 2020. We have hired more than
170 Chicagoans since we formed our
partnership with Skills for Chicagoland’s
Future, and the organization named us
the 2020 Champion for the Unemployed
for our efforts to hire the underserved
and empower even more individuals to
use their talents and skills to build a
better future.

are located just outside the city
that support the area is one
with nonprofits that
and beyond.
Other Chicago-based organizations with
which Ulta Beauty supports through cash,
products, volunteerism and/or board
leadership include:
> Communities in Schools of Chicago
> After School Matters
> B ig Brothers Big Sisters of
Metropolitan Chicago
> Metropolitan Family Services
> Youth Guidance
> S tart Early (formerly known as
Ounce of Prevention)
> Step Up
We’re also proud to partner with
organizations that are helping women Standing up for justice
and girls find the beauty within. Project
Glimmer helps young women, particularly
Systemic racism, unfortunately, affects every community
women of color, grow personal confidence
we serve. Ulta Beauty has responded in meaningful ways
and build their professional networks. And
to growing calls to address racial inequities in the U.S.,
GLAM4GOOD is on a mission to create
including donating nearly $150,000 to organizations
“social change through style,” providing
focused on racial justice and equality. Read more about
makeovers and gifts to everyday heroes
how we’re championing diversity inside and outside
and people in need. Over the past year, we
our company.
have supported both of these organizations
with in-kind donations of product.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 26
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT

Comfort in an
uncertain time
With the ongoing physical, social and
of us have needed a little extra care. Ulta
we can throughout this challenging time.
Our support began early in the pandemic
with products for front-line workers. We
donated 450,000 medical gloves, as well
as products like moisturizers, sanitizers and
balms needed by health care professionals
putting in long, difficult hours, whose skin
often got chafed from personal protective
equipment. In total, we donated $1.2 million
worth of product to 25 organizations. To
further show our appreciation for health
care heroes’ tireless efforts, we offered a
half price haircut and style for health care
workers with ID during the first month
that their local Ulta Beauty store reopened.
Connecting COVID-19 relief with support
for our national partners, we began selling
a branded face mask in stores and online
to raise funds for Dress for Success®
Worldwide toward their pandemic

economic toll of COVID-19, many
Beauty has given back where
response efforts. Given the unique
challenges presented by COVID-19, we
have given all of our community partners
greater flexibility to spend planned
financial support from Ulta Beauty as
they see fit.
We also reimagined the way we care
for associates. Since 2017, the Associate
Relief Fund has provided monetary
grants to associates facing personal
hardship. We expanded the criteria for
receiving funding to include those in
need of extra assistance as a result
of COVID-19. Thanks to the generosity
of our senior management team, Board
of Directors and associates across
the company, we raised $750,000
for the fund, allowing us to support
750 associates.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 27
eennvviirroonnmmeenntt

We want to maintain the
beauty of our environment
and minimize our impact
on the world around us.
Industry leadership.
#16 among the U.S. EPA’s top Retail Green
Power Partners
Doing more with less.
An estimated 486 tons of plastic saved,
thanks to new, smaller shopping bags
Getting better all the time.
Comparable store electricity consumption
reduced by over 5 million kWh in the last
four years
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 28