Foundation matched associate
equality. The program ran for two * Leadership is defined as director and above.
YWCA® USA, Chicago Area

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 13
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT

Diversity & Inclusion (continued)
standards of beauty. Ulta Beauty’s goal
is to respect and represent every guest
through our words and our actions.
Services training is one way we’re putting
our commitments into action. In 2021, we
plan to equip all stylists with foundational
technical skills to support future plans
in certifying our stylists in the art
of textured hair. Externally, we are
enhancing our multicultural marketing
and communications strategies, such as
amplifying BIPOC (or Black, Indigenous
and people of color)-owned brands,
founders, creatives and artists.
In addition, we aim to ensure that all
in-store experiences are equitable,
fair and unbiased. We’re taking action
to support this goal by conducting
mandatory trainings for in-store
associates and providing weekly bite-
sized learning opportunities to focus
on guest perspectives and reinforce
key takeaways. We are offering similar
training across the organization to help
key decision-makers and associates in
their own learning journeys and support
our Champion Diversity value and
inclusion competency.

Exploring the possibilities
We can’t do it all on our own. Ulta Beauty
aspires to be recognized as a D&I leader
both inside and outside the retail industry,
and is engaging with communities and
external partners to scale up our impact.
We’re increasing our investments in
organizations focused on addressing
inequality and creating opportunity, such
as YWCA®’s Until Justice campaign as a
founding member of the Racial Justice
League. Other opportunities we’re
exploring include increasing our spend
with diverse suppliers and forming
partnerships with influencers and brands
who share our mission and values.
This work is a journey, and we have a
plan to hold ourselves accountable. Our
D&I program is supported by a strong
governance structure that keeps our work
moving forward. Working groups lead our
efforts to create more diverse and inclusive
recruiting and development practices,
D&I recognition
in-store experiences and external
partnerships. Next, we are localizing
this work, incorporating D&I Councils > Forbes 2019 Best Employers for Diversity
at stores and distribution centers. > Forbes 2019 Best Employers for Women
> Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Diversity
> Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Women
> Diversity Inc. Noteworthy Companies for Diversity

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 14
PPEEOOPPLLEE  2020 ESG REPORT
Taking care of each other
Safety, wellness & benefits
Our commitment to our associates and their well-being—inside and
outside of work—is one of our highest priorities. Ulta Beauty has
carefully assembled a suite of benefits that affirms and supports
all that our associates contribute each and every day.
Well-being begins with health care for all eligible associates, which includes those who
work more than 30 hours a week for Ulta Beauty in any position. Coverage extends
to eligible dependents, including spouses, same-sex partners and children under 26.
These and other benefits helped ease
Our healthcare plans are above market for retailers and other service industry companies.
some of the hardships created by
Our medical plans provide above-average levels of health care coverage, with less cost
COVID-19. The Ulta Beauty Charitable
share placed on associates, compared to many other retailers. We offer comprehensive
Foundation maintains an Associate Relief
medical plans that empower employees to choose the coverage that best suits them.
Program through which we provide
Other key benefits include:
grants to associates facing unforeseen
financial setbacks. For associates who
>  4 01(k) plan with up to a 4% company match
care for children who are learning from
>  Disability and life insurance
home, due to the COVID-19 pandemic,
>  C  ompany-paid short-term disability pay at 80% of pay
we also provided access to discounts for
>  A  dditional insurance options, including legal, pet, home and auto
online educational resources.
bundles of joy
>  Tuition reimbursement program
>  P aid time off, including an extended illness bank
Across all locations, associates receive
>  D  iscounts on retail products and salon services
instruction on how to keep themselves  The Ulta Beauty family is always growing.
and guests safe. Many associates receive   At any given time across our workforce, we
And because wellness, like beauty, is more than skin deep, we offer mental
training that is specific to their roles—for   typically have about 250 associates who
health resources, such as counseling services and access to apps; financial
example, salon professionals are trained  are expecting a child. We help associates
wellness planning and guidance; and health apps and educational resources
in the safe handling of chemicals.  celebrate and prepare for this joyful
for soon-to-be parents.
milestone with information and resources.
We also offer adoption assistance for
associates seeking to grow their families
by adopting a child.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 15
pprroodduucctt

We empower guests to
make informed choices
about the products we offer.
Limitless assortment.
25,000+ SKUs across 500+ brands
The power of choice.
Transparent information about product
ingredients—so guests can choose
what’s right for them
A clean-beauty destination.
200+ brands certified by the Conscious
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ platform
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 16
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT
All Things Beauty.
All In One Place.®
We have been visionaries since day one. When Ulta Beauty was
founded in 1990, prestige, mass and salon beauty products were sold
through distinct channels. There was no single place that beauty lovers
could go to meet all of their needs. We envisioned a new specialty re-
tail concept that brought together a wide range of products, styles and
price points: offering All Things Beauty. All in One Place®.
Today, our assortment continues to reflect   A copy of our Ulta Vendor Standards is
the diversity of our guests. At our stores  provided to all suppliers. This document
and at ulta.com, you’ll find more than  outlines our expectations for ethical
25,000 products across all categories  business conduct, worker safety,
and price points, including our private  environmental protection and product
label, Ulta Beauty Collection®.  standards. Our supplier relations team
onboards new brands and vendors, using
webinars and other tools to educate
Product stewardship  Our products and services
them on how to succeed with us. This
level of engagement allows us to work
Our breadth of products is made possible
successfully with beauty brands that    PRODUCTS   SALON SERVICES
by more than 500 brand partnerships.
have well-established supply chain   >  Cosmetics   >  H  air cut, color, treatment
We work closely with these partners
infrastructures, as well as up-and-coming   >  Fragrance  and styling
to understand, not just their products,
brands that may need extra guidance.   >  Haircare  >  Lash applications
but also their businesses, so that we
>  Skincare  >  Makeup
can curate an assortment that meets
>  Bath and body products  >  Brow and wax services
the needs of our guests and helps
>  Salon styling tools
brand partners succeed.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 17
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT

All Things Beauty. All In One Place.® (continued)
Ulta Beauty Collection®
Beyond our brand partners’ products, we’re
proud to offer the Ulta Beauty Collection®,
our private label. This collection offers
essential products in key categories such
as cosmetics, skincare and bath. We
market the collection in an engaging and
approachable way to connect with our
guests and help strengthen their perception
of Ulta Beauty as a contemporary beauty
destination and authority on all things
beauty. These on-trend products appeal
to guests of all ages, particularly those
who may not be beauty experts but are
looking for high-quality products for
everyday use.
We manage the full development cycle
of these products in partnership with a
network of approximately 60 suppliers
worldwide. The process begins with
product briefs that we develop based on
our research into emerging trends and
guests’ needs. We present a product brief
to a vendor, who then develops a unique

formulation based on our specifications
for color, fragrance and performance.
The Ulta Beauty Collection® team then
evaluates and provides feedback on
products and packaging, from confirming
that mascara brushes resist clumps to
ensuring that pump bottles dispense just
the right amount of product. Our formulas
and packaging are thoroughly tested to
validate the product concept and ensure
it meets safety standards.
We hold our vendors to the highest of
industry standards. We expect all suppliers
to sign a manufacturing agreement as
well as a social compliance agreement.