Water &  waste
creating a harmful substance. Ulta  improvements may include transitioning
Beauty complies with all local, state   to more sustainable and recyclable
and federal environmental laws for  packaging for e-commerce orders.
the responsible management of these
materials. Items that are regulated as
We are continually improving and looking for new ways to reduce  hazardous waste are not sent to a   TONS OF WASTE DIVERTED
our impact as our business grows. This includes recognizing our    landfill. In 2019, stores and distribution   FROM LANDFILL
centers diverted 1,649,466 pounds  of  Thousands
responsibility to conserve water and minimize waste where possible.
hazardous waste from landfills.
17.7
We’ve decreased our demand for   14.4
Making water go further   allows them to recycle certain types of
materials—and by extension, the waste  11.6
While retailing is generally not a water- plastic.  We estimate that about 40%
we generate—by reducing the size of
intensive business, our demand for water   of  our  waste is diverted for recycling,
our  plastic shopping bags, leading to an
has increased in recent years as our   and in 2018, our stores and distribution
estimated avoidance of 486 tons of
salon services have grown. We continue  centers recycled more than 13,200 tons
plastic across our system. As of early
to seek out ways to manage our stores’  of cardboard and plastic shrink wrap.
2020, 76 of our stores use only paper
footprint, such as by installing efficient  A unique waste stream we must manage
bags due to local regulations. Given the
motion-activated toilets and bathroom  is beauty products that, for a variety of  2018  2020
focus on Sustainable Packaging as part  YTD
sinks. Ulta Beauty also engages a vendor
that proactively identifies potential
leaks or malfunctioning equipment by
comparing water consumption year
over year, enabling us to identify issues  The Ulta Beauty Green Group
and make repairs more quickly.
Sending less to landfill   Our associates are passionate about much more than beauty. The Ulta
All Ulta Beauty stores have the ability  Beauty Green Group is an opportunity for corporate associate volunteers
to dispose general waste and recycle  to connect and help us all be better environmental stewards across our
cardboard. While plastic recycling  stores, distribution centers and the corporate office. Initiatives the group
capabilities vary across the country,  has  undertaken  include  replacing disposable coffee cups with reusable mugs
110 stores are currently participating  in offices, hosting electronics recycling drives, encouraging paperless work
in a single-stream recycling pilot that  practices, improving recycling systems and sharing monthly tips with
fellow associates about how to live more sustainably.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 32
ffSASBfi INDEX 2020 ESG REPORT
Sustainability Accounting