Our Ulta Beauty Culture
There’s no place quite like Ulta Beauty. We’re on a mission to use the
power of beauty to bring out the possibilities within every person, and
that work begins with our associates. While we are diverse in so
many  ways, our people share a passion for redefining beauty and
retail—and a desire to build fulfilling careers.
The associate experience is grounded   Annually, we receive feedback from   deeper on specific topics. In 2020, the  We build upon and reinforce our culture
in our mission, vision and values.   the majority of our associate base  survey and roundtables zeroed in on our  at every level. Our CEO Mary Dillon
We work as a team to give “wow”   (approximately 78%) and follow a specific   COVID-19 response and diversity and  and other executives regularly make
experiences to our guests, in service of   process to make changes based on those  inclusion work. We were pleased to  themselves available for open dialogue
our vision of becoming the most loved   insights. Our results often put us in the  discover that 75% of associates surveyed  in a variety of forums, including Town
beauty destination and the most   top global quartile of companies surveyed   feel supported at Ulta Beauty, even amid  Halls, store and distribution center visits,
admired retailer.   for associate engagement globally. We  the shifts and challenges of the past year.   special small group gatherings and  more.
also hold roundtable sessions to dive
We don’t take our strong culture for
granted. As a guest-centric company, we
put a special focus on the experiences and
feedback of our in-store associates—
those who know our guests the best.
“ Without question, 2020 has reinforced the power of building a highly
We regularly conduct an associate
engaged, diverse culture. Our long-term commitment to creating an
engagement survey to take the pulse of
environment where all associates feel they belong and all perspectives
associates’ satisfaction with their role,
are valued is a focus for us as we do what’s right—for our people and
their leader and the company as a whole.
our business. Diversity is a cornerstone of Ulta Beauty and will continue
to set the tone for how we operate, grow and collaborate, in good times
and challenging times alike.”
Dave Kimbell, President, Ulta Beauty
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 10
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT

Growing with us
Training & development
Ulta Beauty offers inspiring career paths
We provide opportunities to gain new
traditional training programs, but also
cross-functional projects.
We find new associates by meeting them
where they are. Many associates learn
about Ulta Beauty through word of mouth,
but we also recruit through job postings,
on campuses and online. For associates
working in salon services, we often
connect through professional platforms
and licensing programs. While scaled
back in 2020, our corporate internship
program is typically another source of
promising talent.
We waste no time welcoming new
associates to the Ulta Beauty team.
Orientation takes a variety of forms
across our stores, distribution centers
and corporate office. For corporate
associates, we organize a one-day
event called the Ultamate Foundation,

for professionals at every level.
expertise not only through
through participation in
during which all new hires learn about
the company and responsibilities of
each department and engage with the
Executive Team. Our CEO and Executive
Team participate in this event.
In-store associates take part in a structured
onboarding program during which they
engage in learning on specific tracks based
on their role. All new store managers
participate in a customized, role-based
training program known as Ultamate
Pathways. Topics covered include store
operations, guest service expectations and
inventory control processes. Managers
also get a full introduction to Ulta Beauty’s
mission, vision and values, along with our
commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Given our value of Improve Always,
ongoing training is an important part
of the associate experience. And there’s
always something new to learn. For
example, in-store associates use a digital
workplace tool for microtraining on new
product lines, sales skills and, this past
year, COVID-19 safety practices.
The Ulta Beauty work experience is
challenging, rewarding and fun. Associates
have the opportunity to build individual
development plans to help them work
toward career goals, and to use a learning
management system that houses training
on role-specific skills, interpersonal skills
and more. In 2020, even more training
was delivered virtually, which had the

unexpected benefit of allowing us to
reach more associates than ever before.
Our leadership development programs
prepare promising future leaders for
new levels of responsibility. Each year,
we organize a training program that
focuses on high-potential talent at the
director level and above. In 2019, we
rolled out a new program through which
officers mentor high-potential directors,
with a specific focus on diverse talent.
Across the company, the majority of our
promotions are internal. As we continue
to promote and develop from within,
we’re building a bench of associates
and leaders who know our company
inside and out.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 11
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT
Changing how the world
ULTA BEAUTY ASSOCIATES
sees beauty
8%
Diversity &  Inclusion
Women 92%  92%
Men 8%
As a leader in the beauty industry, we have a responsibility
to shape how the world sees and experiences beauty. Beauty
can be fun, approachable and empowering, and we’re
committed to using the power of beauty to create a more
inclusive world.
EXECUTIVE TEAM
While diversity and inclusion (D&I) have  head  of the table. We know we have
always been part of Ulta Beauty’s DNA,  an opportunity to increase representation
these beliefs informed purposeful work  of people of color across Ulta Beauty,   Women 50%
50%  50%
on our formal D&I program, which began  particularly in leadership positions.   provided associates with an opportunity  Men 50%
in 2018. The program’s goal is to create  Together, we’re building a workforce that   to learn about and explore ways to mitigate
an inclusive environment where every  reflects the available talent where we   unconscious bias in their everyday lives.
associate feels they can fully contribute  work, live and do business and one that   In 2020, we leaned into the national
and every guest is optimally served,  mirrors our guest community.   conversation on race through the Race
regardless of differences. Throughout  Matters series. The series featured Ulta
2020, we took specific actions to embed  D&I is more than representation. It’s also  Beauty leaders and included sessions on
D&I for associates and guests, through a  about creating an environment where  being Black in America, white privilege