SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING
Product packaging is one of
the most tangible and obvious
aspects of Conscious Beauty
at Ulta Beauty™ for guests. At
l e a s t 5 0 % o f th e p a c k a g in g
f r o m c e r t i fi e d b r a n d s m u s t
b e m a d e f r o m r e c y c l e d o r
biosourced materials or be
recyclable or refillable.
POSITIVE IMPACT
Beauty brands give back in so
many ways, and we will use
this pillar to highlight brands
whose philanthropic efforts
are critical to their DNA.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 20
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT
A clean beauty evolution (continued)
How we bring Conscious  Partnership
Strong partnerships through Conscious
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ to life
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ will allow us to
evolve the program with leading experts
Certification  across the space. In tandem with the
Brands are certified to the Conscious   Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ pillars through an   launch, we are collaborating with clean
online portal powered by ClearForMe,  beauty pioneer Credo® to introduce the
our strategic partner. ClearForMe is a  Credo Collection at Ulta Beauty. This
leader in the clean beauty space that  curated collection will feature a rotation
manages the most comprehensive   of clean beauty brands, available in
ingredient database on the market,   select stores and online, that will allow
and will both onboard brands into the  us to continuously introduce customers
Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™  to new brands.
program and support us in bringing
ingredient transparency to life for our   Conscious Beauty Advisory Council
guests. To date, over 200 brands have   We are also planning and expect to
been  certified in one or more pillars.  convene a Conscious Beauty Advisory
Council made up of a diverse set of
Education  leaders at the forefront of product
The program launched in stores and   development, packaging sustainability,
on ulta.com in October 2020, with more  trends and insights. This forum of
than 200 certified brands. We celebrated  leading beauty brands and experts
and began to educate guests, influencers  will collectively evolve Conscious
and the press with virtual events and in- Beauty at Ulta Beauty™.
store endcaps made with sustainable and
recyclable materials. Training for in-store
associates will allow them to help guests
make informed choices about clean
beauty products.   the beauty of giving back
Brands that do good deserve a special spotlight. That’s the purpose of
our Positive Impact pillar, which many of our brand partners, including
Kreyòl Essence, embody perfectly. The Kreyòl Essence team began
working with Haitian farmers and cooperatives in 2014 to plant 100,000
castor trees, which help reduce deforestation, soil erosion and
greenhouse gases. Kreyòl Essence has a goal of supporting 30,000
families in the next five years and cultivating over 1,000 hectares of land.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 21
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT

Our sustainable
packaging commitment
Sending less to the landfill means good
to Zero Waste Week, the global cosmetics
units of packaging annually. Much of that
majority of it is not recycled. That’s why
pillar of Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™.
To qualify for our Sustainable Packaging
pillar, at least 50% of a brand’s product
packaging must be made from recycled
or biosourced materials or be recyclable
or refillable. To date, more than 90 brands
have already qualified. These leaders
will help us meet our goal of 50% of
owned and non-owned brand packaging
being made from recycled or biosourced
materials, recyclable or refillable by
2025. This goal aligns with targets being
set by other brands and retailers, and has
the potential to make a major impact on
our industry’s waste challenge. Several
key partnerships and memberships will
allow us to amplify our Sustainable
Packaging work:
Loop
Loop, a reusable packaging pioneer
owned by TerraCycle®, eliminates waste
by delivering consumer products in

things for the planet. According
industry produces 120 billion
packaging is plastic, and the
Sustainable Packaging is a key
durable, reusable containers rather than
HOW LOOP ORDERING WORKS
single-use disposables. In early 2021, we
Ulta Beauty’s Sustainable
will give guests the opportunity to order
their favorite products for home delivery Packaging Goal Guest shops via
an Ulta Beauty x Guest is shipped a
in Loop’s waste-free containers.
Loop microsite reusable container
50%
How2Recycle
Standardized labels on Ulta Beauty
of packaging sold at Ulta
Collection® products and select Ulta
Beauty will be recyclable,
Beauty print materials will educate guests
refillable, or made from
on how best to recycle. How2Recycle’s
recycled or bio-sourced
clear labels take the guesswork out of
materials by 2025
recycling, and allow us to track and
measure recyclability across our portfolio.
Including both Ulta Beauty Cleaned container After use, empty
Collection and other brands sold is refilled to be container is
Sustainable Packaging Coalition® (SPC) distributed again shipped to Loop
We support the SPC’s mission of making for cleaning
actionable improvements to packaging
systems. Through our membership, we
will have the opportunity to learn from
fellow retailers and other leaders in the
sustainable packaging space.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 22
mmunity
co

We improve the lives of
women and families in
our communities.
Life-changing research.
Support for 25 researchers affiliated with
the Breast Cancer Research Foundation®
Surpassing our goals.
$1.2 million raised for Save the
Children® in just two weeks in 2020
Caring for people.
Helping 750 associates dealing with
COVID-19-related hardship through
our Associate Relief Program
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 23