CEO MESSAGE

What a positive legacy
means to us
Over the past 30 years, Ulta Beauty has earned our
reputation as the most admired beauty retailer by
our guests, associates and investors. And after a
year like 2020, it’’s worth reflecting on our company’s
role at this moment in history. While our lives have
been disrupted in so many ways, we believe in the
power and possibility of beauty more than ever
before. During this uncertain time, beauty provides
happiness, hope and renewal, helping us feel a
little bit like ourselves again.
But Ulta Beauty aspires to be known not only for
providing all things beauty to our guests. We also
want to leave a positive legacy on our world through
environmental and social impacts. Though we are
in the early stages of our sustainability journey
and environmental, social and governance (ESG)
disclosure, operating our business in a responsible
manner and doing the right thing for one another has
always been part of who we are as an organization.
Over the past year, we have worked to bring together
our ongoing efforts and track our achievements
across four focus areas ——People, Product, Community
and the Environment—so we can more formally
share our ESG strategy with you. We are pleased
to share our progress in each of these areas in this
inaugural ESG report.
One of the accomplishments we are extremely
proud of is the launch of Conscious Beauty at
Ulta Beauty™, a first-of-its-kind initiative that will
inspire more informed, conscious product choices
for guests, their loved ones and the environment.
Through this program, we will provide transparency
around brands that use clean ingredients in their
products, as well as whose products are cruelty
free, vegan, use sustainable packaging and have a
positive impact in communities—all practices that
we know matter to our guests. With the introduction
of Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™, we also
announced a sustainable packaging commitment that
will align with other company initiatives to conserve
resources and protect the environment.

Another point of pride is our long tradition
of being a diversity-forward company. In
my seven years as CEO, we’’ ve worked hard
to represent the wonderful diversity of our
communities in everything we do, from our
marketing communications to our brand
partnerships and our team of associates. As
the events of 2020 showed us, systemic racism
is pervasive in so many aspects of our society.
While we have long been aware of and worked to
counteract this harmful legacy, broader awareness
and calls to action in 2020 have sharpened our
focus on these issues. Now, we’’re working to
accelerate our actions in this space and continue
to be an authentic leader of diversity and inclusion
in corporate America.
Improving the lives of women and families in our
communities is another enduring focus. Reflecting
this commitment, as of the end of October 2020, we
raised more than $37 million to benefit life-changing
research at the Breast Cancer Research Foundation®,
which we have supported for more than a decade,
and donated more than $1 million to support the
efforts of Save the Children® in rural communities.
The COVID-19 pandemic has brought challenges and
tragedies unlike any we’’ ve ever faced. Throughout
this crisis, Ulta Beauty associates, especially in our
stores and distribution centers, have continued to
show incredible agility, creativity and commitment
to the health and safety of our guests and one
another. I want to thank my leadership team and all
of our associates for not only caring for themselves
and each other this year, but also helping shape
the positive legacy that Ulta Beauty will leave on
the world well into the future. We look forward to
continuing to update you on our progress.
Mary Dillon
Chief Executive Officer

the possibilities are beautiful.™ 4