Longevity and circularity
In rare cases our products end up with cosmetic  We want to improve the circularity of our
APPROACH
defects, such as chipped paint. When this  products. We started in 2019 by researching
We build our products to last, using premium
happens, we direct them to specialist facilities to  post-consumer recycled plastics and how
components and materials to make them robust
be refurbished. These products are then used to  to overcome the challenges in performance,
and durable. In addition to physical longevity,
fulfill warranty claims. Our goal is to make these  availability and cost. Initially we aim for post-
we promise to maintain software updates for
products as good as new and put them back in  consumer recycled plastics to replace internal
a minimum of five years after we stop selling
the market to provide years of service. In 2019  components where there are no aesthetic issues.
a product. Past this time, the product will
we fulfilled approximately 57% of warranty claims
continue to function, but certain features may
using refurbished products.
not be available.
Our commitment to longevity means that many of
our products remain in use for a decade or more.
PERFORMANCE
This year we launched our first portable speaker,
Move. This is powered by a rechargeable
battery designed for 900 charge cycles,
equivalent to about three years of use. When
the battery eventually degrades, we designed
Move so the customer can simply replace it at
home. The easy change feature extends the
life of the product, preventing perfectly good
equipment from being disposed of due to the
difficulty of battery replacement.
Photo: Sonos Move speaker
4 Sonos Responsibility Report 2019
Standby power
APPROACH
Sonos speakers are ready to play music and
respond to commands almost instantly. To do
this, our products go into standby when they
aren’t being used. The energy consumed in this
mode is called ‘standby power.’
We are pushing the boundaries of product
design to achieve the minimum standby power
level. As we update existing products and
introduce new ones, we replace old components
(like radio and processor platforms) with efficient
electronics. Ever-smarter software powers only
the functions necessary to activate the speaker.
This delivers the immediate response our
customers expect while