"Zero Waste"
In 2024, Etsy's Brooklyn office headquarters received "Zero Waste" certification through the Total Resource Use and Efficiency
certification program by Green Business Certification Inc. for the seventh year in a row for diverting over 90% of waste from
landfill. We continue to roll out a third-party tech-enabled system that measures real-time waste streams and contamination in
our offices. As of December 31, 2024, our Brooklyn, Dublin and London offices use this system and we currently plan to roll it out
to additional offices in 2025.
Marketplace Sustainability
Goal: Establish our marketplaces as destinations for sustainably minded shoppers and conscious living by reducing
the environmental impact of shopping and fulfillment lifecycles, and creating experiences that promote circularity.
Brand Key Performance Indicators
Ets Total active listings that have a
Yin. circular attribute*
% of active listings that have a
sustainability attribute** at December
Ft 31, 2024
y % of sellers who have added a
sustainability attribute** to at least
one listing at December 31, 2024
% of used items sold as share of total
items sold
% of used item sales
Target Our Progress
169 million active listings
No target set, monitoring progress
3% of active listings
No target set, monitoring progress
8% of active sellers
No target set, monitoring progress
>50% per year Achieved
25% increase by year end 2025 froma
2% increase vs. baseline
2022 baseline
*Circular attributes on the Etsy marketplace are vintage, upcycled, reusable swaps, and "contains recycled content" (metal, glass, polyester, plastic,
paper, or cotton), or "contains vintage gemstones." On Depop, these attributes are used, deadstock, reworked, preloved, vintage or made from
recycled cotton or polyester. On Reverb, the circular attribute is "used." In each case this includes any listing that was active at any point during
2024.
**Sustainability attributes on the Etsy marketplace are made from environmentally conscious materials or designed to be reusable or to reduce
waste.
We believe prioritizing sustainability within our marketplaces creates an opportunity to drive strategic growth and ensure we are
our communities' first stop when they want to shop according to their values. We're bringing sustainability to life for buyers and