cleaner air, reduced climate risk,
and improved health across the
globe.
Impact Investing. In 2022, we set up a $30 million Impact Investment
Fund that seeks to make investments that are aligned with our Impact
strategy. As of December 31, 2024, $20.5 million of the Impact Investment
Fund was allocated to specific investments and the rest was on deposit at
a community development finance institution in the United States.
Philanthropy. In 2024, Etsy made over $5.6 million in philanthropic
donations to organizations driving equal access to economic opportunity
and to community-based organizations. Donations to support small
businesses were bolstered by contributions from marketplace buyers who
contributed through the round up feature at checkout.
Contributing to our Communities. Collectively, we enabled our employees
to donate 4,419 hours of paid volunteer time off in their communities
through Etsy's Impact Hours program.
Etsy is committed to helping our sellers prepare for and recover from
natural disasters that disrupt their business. In 2024, we supported sellers
impacted by events such as Hurricanes Helene and Milton by, among
other things, deferring fees and providing access to recovery resources
such as the Etsy Disaster Relief Fund. For more information see page 26.
Purchasing Power. We aim to drive positive impact in our supply chain by
investing in strong relationships with our suppliers. We engage on priority
impact areas, such as greenhouse gas emissions, fair wages, and
employee benefits programs, at crucial touch points throughout the
supplier lifecycle. We conduct regular reviews and conversations to
confirm suppliers are upholding agreed upon practices and to identify
further areas where we can engage with suppliers. We have a Supplier
Code of Conduct designed to ensure that our suppliers are committed to
our standards.
Environmental
Building resilience for the long term
Net Zero | Sustainable Operations
Net Zero
Goal: Achieve Net Zero through targets aligned with the science of climate change.
Brand Key Performance Indicators
Targets Our Progress
Absolute Scope 1 + 2
By year end 2030, we aim to achieve a 50%
greenhouse gas emissions*
reduction from a 2020 base year.
metric tonnes ("mt")
By year end 2040, we aim to achieve a 90%
reduction from a 2020 base year.