Failure to meet employee
expectations on Impact could
affect recruitment, retention, and
engagement of top talent.
Horizon
Medium-
and
Long-
Term
Short-
and
Medium-
Term
Long-
Term
Medium-
Term
Management Response
Seller Operations
As natural disasters increase in intensity and frequency, we are finding that
our sellers and buyers are correspondingly more frequently impacted. See our
"Helping Our Sellers Build Climate Resilience" section on page 26 for more
details.
Etsy's Operations
Our Workplace and Security Team develops and implements business
continuity plans through our Health, Safety, and Security program that are
intended to protect our employees in the event of physical disruptions at our
offices.
Regulations on Etsy
ESG and environmental disclosure regulations are increasing globally. As a
result of the evolving regulatory requirements, we have expanded our
standalone ESG reporting, including under the California Voluntary Carbon
Market Disclosures Act and CSR laws in India. These reports can be found in
the Governance section of our Investor Relations webpage. In addition, our
cross-functional ESG Disclosure Working Group strives to stay abreast of any
new disclosure regulations that are potentially relevant to our business.
Where needed, such as for CSRD, we may stand up new working groups to
better understand the regulation and develop an action plan.
Regulations on Sellers
Our Advocacy Team works to mitigate transition risks for sellers by
advocating for public policies that increase economic security and reduce
administrative burdens for creative entrepreneurs.
Commodity Markets
Our analysis indicated that the availability of commodities used by sellers,
such as cotton, may face risks due to extreme weather. Due to our
marketplaces' broad assortment of items, we do not anticipate
disproportionate short-term impacts on our business.
We purchase carbon offsets to cover Etsy, Inc.'s quantified annual emissions.
Our research shows that under lower emissions scenarios, the price of carbon
offsets is expected to increase dramatically. We mitigate this risk through
multi-year off-take agreements while focusing on emissions reduction in line
with our Net Zero target.
External Perceptions
We continue to focus on aligning our Impact and Sustainability efforts with
our business strategy to drive business value.
Employee Perceptions
We track how employees view Etsy's role in driving Impact and whether they
believe Etsy is meeting expectations. Through our aforementioned efforts, we