Processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks
Our climate risk identification and assessment process is integrated into our company-wide risk management. We use a mix of
consultant support, third-party physical risk modeling, and public data to ground our research and risk analysis. Once a risk is identified,
our Sustainability Team, including the I&S Sr. Director and the Sr. Sustainability Manager, engage relevant internal risk owners to
evaluate the risk, assess existing controls, and, when necessary, escalate for oversight by senior management through Etsy's Risk
Steering Committee (see Governance in this section above for more detail). For example, the Sustainability Team collaborates with the
Advocacy Team to review climate policy proposals at the U.S. federal and state level and in key non-U.S. jurisdictions that might impact
Etsy, with the Analytics Team to monitor natural disaster impacts on buyers and sellers, and with the Sourcing Team to review climate-
related risks within our supplier base.
Processes for managing climate-related risks
The Sustainability Team works cross-functionally to develop management plans to address potential climate-related impacts. They
develop and propose updates to environmental goals on an annual basis, including goals designed to mitigate climate risks, which are
reviewed and approved by our Executive Team. For example, our goal to source 100% renewable electricity for office operations and
computing load reduces our exposure to carbon pricing and volatile energy prices. The Sustainability Team developed the goal,
proposed short-term targets and strategies to measure and reach those targets, and solicited approval from the Executive Team, who
ensured resources were provisioned and lines of accountability were appropriately set.
Processes for integrating climate-related risks into the overall risk management
At Etsy, climate-related risks are managed as part of ESG risk and are seen as both underlying drivers of other types of risks as well as
standalone risks. These risks, as well as their drivers, are monitored by the Sustainability Team. The I&S Sr. Director provides a written
status update on potential ESG risks to Etsy's Risk Steering Committee typically quarterly. The work of the Risk Steering Committee
helps inform which risks are reported to the Board of Directors.