Risk Oversight
management of risks
including, where
relevant, ESG risks
Impact Coordination
Reporting
Initiative design & ops
Strategy
Goal design & overall strategy
about Etsy's Board of Directors and its Committees, including
their charters and membership, is available in the Governance
section of our Investor Relations website.
role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Our Executive Team, including our Chief Executive Officer, reviews our environmental goals annually. Our Chief Financial Officer
approves material capital expenditures, including those related to climate-related issues, such as renewable energy projects, and
investments in verified emissions reductions.
Oversight of climate risk at Etsy is supported by the Risk Steering Committee, a cross-functional management team which includes our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This Committee meets at least quarterly to review and discuss the significant risks
facing Etsy and its deliberations inform the risk management-related topics elevated to the Board of Directors and the Board
Committees.
Etsy's Sustainability team, led by the Senior Director of Impact and Sustainability (the "I&S Sr. Director"), oversees Etsy's sustainability
strategy and implementation, which includes climate impacts. The I&S Sr. Director reports to the Chief Legal Officer, who is the
Executive Sponsor for Etsy's Impact strategy. The I&S Sr. Director presents progress on environmental metrics each quarter to the
Senior Leadership Team, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Etsy also has four cross-functional Impact
Working Groups that all meet at least quarterly to manage the implementation of Impact projects and reporting.
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities identified & impact on strategy
Etsy's climate strategy is informed by periodic identification and prioritization of climate-related risks and opportunities, including
preliminary work with respect to the double materiality assessment required under the E.U. CSRD. To date, while we have identified
relevant climate risks, we have not identified any climate-related risks which are reasonably expected to have a material short-term
impact on financial or strategic business operations. We believe that this is largely due to the Etsy marketplace's business model, the
wide geographic distribution of our seller and buyer base, and our long-standing work to mitigate climate risks. However, due to the
systemic nature of climate change and its intensifying global impacts, we are continuing to monitor and manage both climate-related
risks and opportunities.
The following disclosures highlight the climate-related impacts identified for the Etsy