+ At December 31, 2024:
° 35.7% of all global employees identified as women or marginalized genders
° 20.2% of U.S. employees identified as Black, Latinx, Native American, Asian and two or more races
For Depop:
+ At December 31, 2024:
° 27.9% of U.S. and U.K. employees identified as Asian, Black, Mixed or 'Other,' including Latinx in the United
States
° 26.9% of employees on engineering and data teams identified as women and marginalized genders
Consolidated workforce highlights can be found below.
In addition to our work to attract qualified and diverse talent, we are also investing in programs that support the retention and
engagement of our employees, as described further below.
Ensuring Equal Access to Pay
Etsy takes proactive measures at each step of the employee journey to ensure fair pay practices. At the recruiting stage, we
determine compensation packages within our existing frameworks by comparing outgoing offers to internal roles with
comparable experience. During compensation reviews, we use guideposts when determining the size of merit and promotion
increases and bonuses based on performance outcomes. Additionally, all compensation recommendations are reviewed by
Human Resources and senior leadership to ensure equity. Etsy also periodically makes market-based adjustments to
compensation that we apply consistently within and across functions and/or teams, to ensure pay for internal employees is
aligned with that of new hires.
As part of our commitment to fair pay practices, we completed our most recent biennial pay equity analysis, conducted by a
third-party consulting firm, in 2024. The purpose of this analysis is to look at pay across jobs and levels to ensure our practices
are fair and consistent and that compensation is not influenced by gender, or race/ethnicity. The analysis found no unexplained
pay gaps adverse to women or employees from other marginalized genders, or non-white employees. Additionally, there were no
unexplained pay gaps based on intersectionality (i.e., based on the combination of race and gender/ethnicity). We plan to
continue to comprehensively audit pay equity biennially with an external consultant, and conduct internal reviews several times a
year in conjunction with events such as rating and promotion decisions and market adjustments.
Ensuring Equal Access to Advancement Opportunities
The career achievement and advancement of our people is a priority. We provide robust professional development budgets