Creative Community
Goal: Build welcoming marketplaces that serve our global community of buyers and sellers and grow opportunity
within the creative economy.
Our commitment to drive impact for our community focuses on creating pathways to economic opportunity. Across the House of
Brands, we aim to provide programs and services to support economically disenfranchised creative businesses and the
organizations that serve them. Ranging from the distribution of targeted educational materials to product enhancements, our
initiatives are aimed at addressing key barriers to success to facilitate business growth.
Commitment to Economic Opportunity
Etsy understands the critical role creative entrepreneurship can play in building economic independence and freedom for
communities and has long been committed to utilizing our marketplace to help makers with a creative idea build a business
online. Our work aims to ensure that the pathways to creative entrepreneurship are available to all.
As a cornerstone of Etsy's commitment to supporting creative small businesses navigating challenges to building and growing,
Etsy's Uplift Fund aims to support organizations driving critical resources to entrepreneurs. Through Etsy's partnership, in 2024,
these organizations provided support to over 3,550 entrepreneurs. In 2024, U.S. buyers joined with Etsy by electing to donate the
change on their orders 2.9 million times. These donations, coupled with Etsy's contributions, resulted in $3.6 million in grants to
organizations providing capital and wrap-around business support services to entrepreneurs, particularly business owners who
face barriers to access that impede their ability to grow.
Commitment to the Creative Economy
Reverb Gives works to advance music programs globally and in 2024 provided access to musical equipment by distributing
approximately $184,000 in purchase credits and awards. This year, Reverb Gives together with Etsy's Uplift Fund supported 39
organizations committed to serving creative communities and their growth.
We have a $30 million Impact Investment Fund that seeks to make investments that are aligned with our Impact strategy. As of
December 31, 2024, $20.5 million of the Impact Investment Fund was allocated to specific investments and the rest was on
deposit at a large community development finance institution in the United States. In 2024, our Impact Investment Fund invested
$500,000 in To the Market, a business that helps artisan and women-owned businesses gain greater market access through the
growth of supply chain opportunities.
Commitment to Diverse Imagery
We also strive to appeal to current and potential customers by ensuring that the images we use in our marketing broadly reflect
demographic trends. In 2024, approximately 39.7% of the images of people in marketing assets used on Etsy-owned and
managed channels in the United States had black or brown skin tones.
4' Governance