Metrics and Targets
Metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with strategy and risk
management process
We monitor metrics related to our public environmental targets including total energy consumed, renewable energy percent, grid
electricity percent, Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions including product shipments, packaging, end-user energy use, water, and outgoing
waste material streams. For a historical view of our metrics, please view pages 32-35 of this Annual Report.
Internally, we track a number of additional climate-related metrics. For example, in 2024 we invested in carbon credits to offset our
quantified Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, which effectively acts as an internal price on our emissions. Additionally, we track the voluntary
carbon market costs and carbon credit cost savings from specific emissions reduction activities. Related to natural disasters, we track
GMS impacts from FEMA designated natural disasters as well as the percentage of our sellers and buyers in regions exposed to
extreme weather events.
For all of our employees, compensation is tied to our financial performance, as well as individual contributions. While responsibility for
delivering on our Impact goals is distributed across the Company, each goal owner is responsible for incorporating work associated
with advancing their goal into team members' individual goals, which are considered when making compensation decisions. Members
of our Executive Team also serve as executive sponsors for specific Impact goals to help ensure teams stay on track and have the
value of executive leadership as plans are executed. For more information on our Executive Team's goals, please see our Proxy
Statement.
Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks
Please view pages 22-23 and 32-35 of this Annual Report for our GHG Emissions Summary.
Targets used to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets
We have four climate-related targets: science-based emissions reduction, renewable energy, total energy use, and waste. Details of
these targets including actions taken as part of our efforts to achieve them and performance against each can be found on pages 22-23
of this Annual Report.