on aligning our Impact and Sustainability efforts with
our business strategy to drive business value.
Employee Perceptions
We track how employees view Etsy's role in driving Impact and whether they
believe Etsy is meeting expectations. Through our aforementioned efforts, we
aim to ensure the gap between expectations and reality remains narrow.
Resilience of strategy across different climate-related scenarios
Over the past few years, we have worked with two external vendors to assess current climate-related impacts and understand how they
might change under different temperature pathways over time. In 2021, we conducted a qualitative scenario analysis in key markets
across Etsy marketplace's operations and marketplace activities while in 2022 and 2023 we conducted more quantitative scenario
analysis focused on physical risks to our U.S. and U.K. business and key partners. As part of these analyses, exposure pathways were
mapped to prioritized climate-related issues based on the Etsy marketplace's business model, data availability, and internal stakeholder
input. We used a range of representative concentration pathway ("RCP") scenarios, with the lowest emissions scenario being RCP2.6
and the highest emission scenario being RCP8.5, as well as models and reports from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Available climate scenario inputs and results were then collated and overlaid with the Etsy marketplace's seller and buyer information in
the United States and United Kingdom as well as key partner locations, allowing the analysis to pinpoint areas of concern.
Through this analysis we found that many key geographies are expected to face some degree of climate risk under different scenarios.
However, because the Etsy marketplace's buyer and seller base is distributed globally, we do not expect physical climate risks in any
one geography to disproportionately impact the business under any scenario in the short to medium-term. In addition, we believe our
strategy, articulated above, will help us reduce transition risks associated with a 2 degree or lower scenario. We aim to continue
improving our data collection and analysis on these topics to improve our understanding of long-term climate-related risks, quantify
opportunities and, if necessary, update our strategic planning.
Risk Management