Workforce Access
Goal: Ensure equal access to employment, engagement, and development to drive equitable outcomes.
Ensuring Equal Access to Employment
As noted on page 12, we believe teams with diverse viewpoints are better able to deliver the creativity and innovation necessary
to serve our global community of buyers and sellers, and as a result we broadly seek to increase the range of backgrounds and
perspectives in our workforce. These efforts encompass outreach and recruiting practices, which are designed to ensure we
attract the broadest and most talent-rich pool of employee applicants possible. In all cases, we make individual employment
decisions - whether it's a decision to hire, to promote, to discipline, or to discharge - on the basis of merit. We remain confident
in the processes we have in place to mitigate biases, and have seen the diversity of our U.S. workforce increase over the past
several years.
Consistent with how we run our business, we track our progress in diversifying our workforce through a variety of metrics at both
the consolidated Etsy level and at the individual marketplace levels.
For Etsy Marketplace:
+ December 31, 2024:
° 51.5% of all global employees identified as women or marginalized genders
° 14.9% of U.S. employees identified as Black, Latinx, or Native American
° 42.1% of U.S.-based software engineers identified as women or marginalized genders
° 17.7% of Mexico-based software engineers identified as women or marginalized genders
° 27.8% of Ireland-based software engineers identified as women or marginalized genders
° of our U.S. and U.K. employees disclosed that they have or have had a disability
° 0.5% of our U.S. employees disclosed that they are veterans that served in the armed forces
° 11.0% of our U.S. employees disclosed that they identify as LGBTQIA+
° 33.3% of our U.S., Mexico, and Ireland employees disclosed that they are parents of children below the age of
18 through their benefits elections
+ Scored 100 on Disability: IN's Disability Equality Index for 2024
For Reverb:
+ At December 31, 2024:
° 35.7% of all global employees identified as women or marginalized genders
° 20.2% of U.S. employees identified as Black, Latinx, Native American, Asian and