Failure to meet employee
expectations on Impact could
affect recruitment, retention, and
engagement of top talent.
Horizon
Medium-
and
Long-
Term
Short-
and
Medium-
Term
Long-
Term
Medium-
Term
Management Response
Seller Operations
As natural disasters increase in intensity and frequency, we are finding that
our sellers and buyers are correspondingly more frequently impacted. See our
"Helping Our Sellers Build Climate Resilience" section on page 26 for more
details.
Etsy's Operations
Our Workplace and Security Team develops and implements business
continuity plans through our Health, Safety, and Security program that are
intended to protect our employees in the event of physical disruptions at our
offices.
Regulations on Etsy
ESG and environmental disclosure regulations are increasing globally. As a
result of the evolving regulatory requirements, we have expanded our
standalone ESG reporting, including under the California Voluntary Carbon
Market Disclosures Act and CSR laws in India. These reports can be found in
the Governance section of our Investor Relations webpage. In addition, our
cross-functional ESG Disclosure Working Group strives to stay abreast of any
new disclosure regulations that are potentially relevant to our business.
Where needed, such as for CSRD, we may stand up new working groups to
better understand the regulation and develop an action plan.
Regulations on Sellers
Our Advocacy Team works to mitigate transition risks for sellers by
advocating for public policies that increase economic security and reduce
administrative burdens for creative entrepreneurs.
Commodity Markets
Our analysis indicated that the availability of commodities used by sellers,
such as cotton, may face risks due to extreme weather. Due to our
marketplaces' broad assortment of items, we do not anticipate
disproportionate short-term impacts on our business.
We purchase carbon offsets to cover Etsy, Inc.'s quantified annual emissions.
Our research shows that under lower emissions scenarios, the price of carbon
offsets is expected to increase dramatically. We mitigate this risk through
multi-year off-take agreements while focusing on emissions reduction in line
with our Net Zero target.
External Perceptions
We continue to focus on aligning our Impact and Sustainability efforts with
our business strategy to drive business value.
Employee Perceptions
We track how employees view Etsy's role in driving Impact and whether they
believe Etsy is meeting expectations. Through our aforementioned efforts, we
aim to ensure the gap between expectations and reality remains narrow.
Resilience of strategy across different climate-related scenarios
Over the past few years, we have worked with two external vendors to assess current climate-related impacts and understand how they
might change under different temperature pathways over time. In 2021, we conducted a qualitative scenario analysis in key markets
across Etsy marketplace's operations and marketplace activities while in 2022 and 2023 we conducted more quantitative scenario
analysis focused on physical risks to our U.S. and U.K. business and key partners. As part of these analyses, exposure pathways were
mapped to prioritized climate-related issues based on the Etsy marketplace's business model, data availability, and internal stakeholder
input. We used a range of representative concentration pathway ("RCP") scenarios, with the lowest emissions scenario being RCP2.6
and the highest emission scenario being RCP8.5, as well as models and reports from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Available climate scenario inputs and results were then collated and overlaid with the Etsy marketplace's seller and buyer information in
the United States and United Kingdom as well as key partner locations, allowing the analysis to pinpoint areas of concern.
Through this analysis we found that many key geographies are expected to face some degree of climate risk under different scenarios.
However, because the Etsy marketplace's buyer and seller base is distributed globally, we do not expect physical climate risks in any
one geography to disproportionately impact the business under any scenario in the short to medium-term. In addition, we believe our
strategy, articulated above, will help us reduce transition risks associated with a 2 degree or lower scenario. We aim to continue
improving our data collection and analysis on these topics to improve our understanding of long-term climate-related risks, quantify
opportunities and, if necessary, update our strategic planning.
Risk Management