Risk Oversight & Management
Buyers | Sellers | Creative Entrepreneurs
How We Drive Impact:
Underpinning our Impact strategy is a set of levers we employ to drive toward our Impact goals while advancing and
complementing our business strategy.
Business Integration
Responsibility and accountability for implementing our
Impact strategy is integrated and owned across our
Company through many cross functional teams. Our
Impact strategy is approved annually by our Executive
Team, and each of our Impact goals has an Executive
sponsor. Our Board of Directors has oversight of
these activities.
We are working to integrate our Impact ambitions into how
our marketplace platforms are designed and operated, and
how our sellers and buyers experience our marketplaces. By
making it easier for sellers and buyers to understand their
personal and collective impact, we aim to influence more
sustainable practices on the seller side while helping buyers
make more informed decisions. We are also conscious
about using marketing data and marketing images
in responsible and ethical ways.
We expect
to continue to
Public Policy - Advocating for
these
Values-Aligned Investment
creative entrepreneurs, our
communities, and the planet
our Impact goals.
We're putting our resources behind positive
change to enable the communities we are a part
of to thrive. Some examples are
listed below this chart.
We aim to leverage our engagement with
policymakers to advance our commitments to
economic empowerment for creative entrepreneurs,
equitable access to the digital economy, and
ecological sustainability. A key aspect of this work
is activating the power of our seller community.
In 2024, Etsy, Inc.'s Advocacy team
worked with sellers and
policymakers around the world to
ensure a voice for small business
owners in public policy. We
continued to advocate for public
policies aligned with the needs of
creative entrepreneurs
including supporting:
* enhanced access to affordable
child care and caregiving leave
for micro businesses;
the rights of small business
owners by advocating against
new rules that would impose
heavy one size-fits-all burdens
on small and microbusinesses;
and
+ decarbonizing transportation for
shipping, which supports
cleaner air, reduced climate risk,
and improved health across the
globe.
Impact Investing. In 2022, we set up a $30 million Impact Investment
Fund that seeks to make investments that are aligned with our Impact
strategy. As of December 31, 2024, $20.5 million of the Impact Investment
Fund was allocated to specific investments and the rest was on deposit at
a community development finance institution in the United States.
Philanthropy. In 2024, Etsy made over $5.6 million in philanthropic
donations to organizations driving equal access to economic opportunity
and to community-based organizations. Donations to support small
businesses were bolstered by contributions from marketplace buyers who
contributed through the round up feature at checkout.
Contributing to our Communities. Collectively, we enabled our employees
to donate 4,419 hours of paid volunteer time off in their communities
through Etsy's Impact Hours program.
Etsy is committed to helping our sellers prepare for and recover from
natural disasters that disrupt their business. In 2024, we supported sellers
impacted by events such as Hurricanes Helene and Milton by, among
other things, deferring fees and providing access to recovery resources
such as the Etsy Disaster Relief Fund. For more information see page 26.
Purchasing Power. We aim to drive positive impact in our supply chain by
investing in strong relationships with our suppliers. We engage on priority
impact areas, such as greenhouse gas emissions, fair wages, and
employee benefits programs, at crucial touch points throughout the
supplier lifecycle. We conduct regular reviews and conversations to
confirm suppliers are upholding agreed upon practices and to identify
further areas where we can engage with suppliers. We have a Supplier
Code of Conduct designed to ensure that our suppliers are committed to
our standards.
Environmental
Building resilience for the long term
Net Zero | Sustainable Operations
Net Zero
Goal: Achieve Net Zero through targets aligned with the science of climate change.
Brand Key Performance Indicators
Targets Our Progress
Absolute Scope 1 + 2
By year end 2030, we aim to achieve a 50%
greenhouse gas emissions*
reduction from a 2020 base year.
metric tonnes ("mt")
By year end 2040, we aim to achieve a 90%
reduction from a 2020 base year.