The Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
Etsy treats climate change and its related impacts seriously. Since 2020, we have reported enhanced climate-related disclosures in line with the
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") recommendations. TCFD provides a framework with four thematic areas -
Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets - and eleven recommended disclosures. The following disclosures provide
information intended to address each recommendation, including references to other publicly available sources for related information. ESG
and climate governance as well as our Impact Strategy are set at an Etsy, Inc. level and all disclosures in this section cover the Etsy, Reverb and
Depop marketplaces (other than the results of our climate risk assessment which was limited to the Etsy marketplace). While we have
identified and disclosed a number of relevant climate-related risks, we have determined that at this time none of these risks represent a
material short-term risk to our business. For a discussion of certain risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities, see
Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors."
Governance
Board of Directors oversight of climate-related risks & opportunities
Etsy's full Board of Directors has overall responsibility for
oversight of risk management at Etsy, including management
of climate risk. In December 2023, the Risk Oversight
Committee of our Board of Directors ("ROC") was formed to
assist our Board of Directors with its oversight of Etsy's
management of risk exposures and processes for monitoring
and mitigating risk. Since its formation, the ROC has received
Board of Directors
3 Oversight of risk management including climate and ESG risk
x x x
regular briefings on risk management-related topics. The work
Nominating & Audit
of the Risk Steering Committee helps inform which risks are
Corporate Oversees ESG Oversees
a Governance disclosure in Integrated
reported to the Board of Directors and to Board Committees.
Reviews Report
(For a description of the Risk Steering activities,
environmental impact
see below.)
3 goals and progress
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our
Executive Team
Board of Directors (the "N&CGC") has responsibility for
periodic review of our environmental Impact goals and our
Quarterly Business Review
Risk Steering Committee
progress towards those goals. We typically report on our
Review progress towards goals
Monitor and manage ESG Risk
progress towards our Impact goals to the N&CGC or the Board
of Directors twice a year.
Chief Legal Officer
The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing significant
acquisitions and other large scale capital expenditures. One of
Senior Director, Impact & Sustainability
the criteria we use when evaluating acquisition opportunities is
whether the transaction aligns with our mission, strategy, and
Technical ESG WGs
values, including our Impact focus. In addition, the Audit
CSRD Progress tracking & reporting
Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the disclosure in
ESG Disclosure Implementation
our Annual Report, which includes Impact disclosures, and our
review of our Impact disclosures. One member of our
Impact Investing
Board of Directors is experienced in sustainability accounting
Responsible AI
practices and is a SASB FSA Credential Holder. Information