"Zero Waste"
In 2024, Etsy's Brooklyn office headquarters received "Zero Waste" certification through the Total Resource Use and Efficiency
certification program by Green Business Certification Inc. for the seventh year in a row for diverting over 90% of waste from
landfill. We continue to roll out a third-party tech-enabled system that measures real-time waste streams and contamination in
our offices. As of December 31, 2024, our Brooklyn, Dublin and London offices use this system and we currently plan to roll it out
to additional offices in 2025.
Marketplace Sustainability
Goal: Establish our marketplaces as destinations for sustainably minded shoppers and conscious living by reducing
the environmental impact of shopping and fulfillment lifecycles, and creating experiences that promote circularity.
Brand Key Performance Indicators
Ets Total active listings that have a
Yin. circular attribute*
% of active listings that have a
sustainability attribute** at December
Ft 31, 2024
y % of sellers who have added a
sustainability attribute** to at least
one listing at December 31, 2024
% of used items sold as share of total
items sold
% of used item sales
Target Our Progress
169 million active listings
No target set, monitoring progress
3% of active listings
No target set, monitoring progress
8% of active sellers
No target set, monitoring progress
>50% per year Achieved
25% increase by year end 2025 froma
2% increase vs. baseline
2022 baseline
*Circular attributes on the Etsy marketplace are vintage, upcycled, reusable swaps, and "contains recycled content" (metal, glass, polyester, plastic,
paper, or cotton), or "contains vintage gemstones." On Depop, these attributes are used, deadstock, reworked, preloved, vintage or made from
recycled cotton or polyester. On Reverb, the circular attribute is "used." In each case this includes any listing that was active at any point during
2024.
**Sustainability attributes on the Etsy marketplace are made from environmentally conscious materials or designed to be reusable or to reduce
waste.
We believe prioritizing sustainability within our marketplaces creates an opportunity to drive strategic growth and ensure we are
our communities' first stop when they want to shop according to their values. We're bringing sustainability to life for buyers and
sellers in several ways:
Item Sustainability
In 2022, the Etsy marketplace piloted optional sustainability listing attributes available across four retail categories that allow
sellers to indicate if their items are made from environmentally conscious materials or are designed to be reusable or to reduce
waste. Throughout 2024, we improved the process to surface listings with sustainability attributes in environment-related Etsy
pages and will continue to seek ways to improve the experience while ensuring attributes remain relevant and credible.
Circularity
Our strategy is to inspire and enable people to participate in the circular economy where products and resources remain in use at
their highest value across our marketplaces. Our communities are participating in circular systems, from the creative materials
they use, to the items they sell, to the packaging they use to ship.
Depop's mission is to make fashion circular and its aim is to inspire more people to shop secondhand - extending the lives of
their clothes and redefining fashion consumption. We estimate more than 100 million items have been given a second life*** by
Depop users since the platform was founded. This year, Depop removed seller fees in the United Kingdom and United States,
making it easier for users to sell clothes they no longer wear, and offering improved value and choice for buyers. This change
contributed to a 33% increase in Depop's overall listings active at any point during 2024 compared to 2023, reflecting Depop's
growing community of sellers participating in the circular economy.
Throughout 2024, we communicated the environmental impact of secondhand purchases on Depop compared to brand-new
items, using our Environmental Impact Measurement Methodology, which we co-developed with a third party in 2023. We hope
that by showcasing the environmental benefits of shopping secondhand rather than brand-new, we can continue to bring circular
fashion to more people.
items sold on Depop that have been tagged as "used" condition (rather than all items sold). We assume the split of "used" compared
to new items remained consistent over time, as the condition attribute was added in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Packaging
As part of our efforts to meet our Net Zero goal, we are helping inform sellers about ways to reduce emissions from the
packaging they use to ship orders, through both reused packaging and more sustainable options. In 2024, we continued our
partnership with EcoEnclose for both Etsy marketplace and Depop sellers in the United States. Through the partnership, sellers
can access and buy affordable packaging made from recycled paper and certified responsibly sourced paper that buyers can
also recycle easily at home. To make it easier for sellers to access this packaging, we have integrated EcoEnclose into the Etsy
marketplace Seller platform 'Shop Manager' as a preferred partner and have since seen a 100% increase in uptake.