Thoughtful Corporate Governance
Our corporate governance practices include an independent Board Chair, a fully independent Board of Directors (except for our
Chief Executive Officer), independent Committee members, sophisticated and fully engaged directors with different areas of
relative expertise and additional dimensions of diversity, and a balanced distribution of director tenure. For a more complete
description of our corporate governance practices, please refer to our most recent proxy statement. More information on our
governance policies and guidelines is available at the Investor Relations section of our website.
In alignment with our mission to "Keep Commerce Human" we are committed to upholding and promoting human rights across
our marketplaces and throughout our value chain. In 2024 we partnered with Nest to create educational videos for Etsy sellers
who engage with production partners. The videos aim to support sellers in choosing ethical and responsible production partners
by introducing sellers to key topics in Etsy's "Ethical Expectations: What We Expect from Sellers Who Work With Production
Partners" policy. The first of four videos was published in 2024 and addresses our policy on child and youth labor in production
partners. In our corporate supply chain, we identified and worked with key suppliers to understand how they prioritize Human
Rights in their operations. We also updated our Modern Slavery Statement.
And while the connections we facilitate are uniquely human, they are rendered ever more seamless by the power of technology
and artificial intelligence ("AI"). In 2024, we defined six values that guide us in the responsible use of AI across our marketplaces,
in our operations, and through our partnerships: Respect, Fairness, Reliability, Transparency, Privacy, and Security.
Integrated ESG Reporting
We strive to continue to innovate and evolve our ESG disclosures to hold ourselves accountable and transparently engage with
all of our stakeholders. Since 2018,
shared our ESG metrics alongside our financial results in our Integrated Annual Report.
This practice is intended to ensure that
transparent about and accountable for progress against our environmental and
social commitments. As a result of the evolving regulatory requirements, we have also expanded our standalone ESG reporting,
including under the California Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosures Act and Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") laws in India.
These reports can be found in the Governance section of our Investor Relations webpage.
Risk Oversight and Management
One of the key functions of our Board of Directors is to provide informed oversight of our risk management processes. While
management is responsible for day-to-day management of the material risks we face, our Board of Directors is responsible for
risk oversight. Etsy has a Risk Steering Committee, which is comprised of a cross-functional management team that meets
regularly to review and discuss the significant risks facing Etsy. Periodic reports on material risk are provided to the Risk
Oversight Committee, with an annual update to the full Board of Directors. The Risk Steering Committee also periodically
considers areas of new or evolving risks and works to understand risk analyses and establish appropriate mitigation plans. For
more information on risk oversight generally, please see "Board Oversight of Risk" in Etsy's Proxy Statement. For information on
how we manage our climate related risks, please refer to our complete TCFD response beginning on page 36 of this Annual
Report. For information on how we manage our cybersecurity risks, please refer to Item 1C, beginning on page 67 of this Annual
Report.