Employee Recruitment, Inclusion and Performance
CG- Employee engagement as a percentage (Etsy
EC-330a.1 marketplace) 65 % 80% °
Employee engagement as a percentage (Reverb) 66 % 72% 75 %
Employee engagement as a percentage (Depop) 76 % 75 % 72%
Employee engagement as a percentage and discussion of methodology.
* In June 2024, we conducted separate engagement surveys of Etsy marketplace employees and Reverb
employees. Of employees surveyed, 81% of Etsy marketplace and 92% of Reverb employees submitted a
response, and 65% of Etsy respondents and 66% of Reverb respondents reported favorable employee
engagement. The survey was conducted through the Culture Amp platform and consisted of 64 rating
questions on which employees were asked to indicate their level of agreement with a statement based on
a five-point scale from Strongly Agree to Strongly Disagree, and two free-text questions to which
employees were asked to write out a response for Etsy marketplace. At Reverb, the Culture Amp survey
consisted of 59 rating questions, and one free-text question.
* During December 2024, Depop conducted its most recent bi-annual engagement survey through Peakon.
71% of employees submitted a response, with a resulting engagement score of 7.6 (76%). This is the
average score given by respondents to four key engagement questions, all of which are rated on a scale of
1-10. This score has been converted into a percentage based on the overall engagement score. For more
information on our engagement scores see the Fostering Engaged Teams section on page 12.
Gender and racial/ethnic grou
g P See "ESG Reporting: Our Impact Goals, Strategy, & Progress-
representation for leadership, technical
Social-Workforce
octal
staff and other business functions
Discussion of diversity and inclusion
See "ESG Reporting: Our Impact Goals, Strategy, & Progress-
strategy and performance
Social-Workforce Access" section for details starting on page 26.
CG-EC-330a4 Percentage of technical employees who 37% 38%
are H-1B visa holders
Product Packaging and Distribution
Total greenhouse gas ("GHG") footprint of
product shipments in metric tons CO,e
Total GHG footprint of packaging in
metric tons CO,e
Metrics" for details
starting on page 28
starting on page <e.