Packaging
Emissions from our sellers' packaging are the third largest source of our quantified Scope 3 emissions. In 2024, these emissions
accounted for 16% of our reported Scope 3 emissions, which represents a 28% intensity increase relative to 2023. More
information on our 2024 packaging methodology can be found on page 35. Our work to help sellers reduce emissions from
packaging is detailed in the Marketplace Sustainability section below.
Beyond Value Chain Mitigation ("BVCM")
We are focused on meeting our long-term SBTi-approved Net Zero goal. However, in 2024, while we worked toward long-term
reductions in line with our goal, we took immediate action to address our impact by supporting projects that reduce emissions
beyond our value chain through our commitment to purchase verified emissions reductions ("VERs") in an amount equal to our
quantified annual emissions. We consider our BVCM work to be separate but complimentary to our Net Zero emissions
reduction efforts.
For 2024, we offset Etsy marketplace, Reverb and Depop's reported Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions through investment in 478,566
VERs, that, among other things, protect forests, finance solar development, and help develop greener methods for producing auto
parts.
We regularly review our carbon strategy to ensure we're using our resources to drive a positive impact in our environment,
communities, and our supply chain. To this end, we're excited that in 2025, we'll be evolving our strategy to incorporate an
explicit internal fee on our carbon emissions. This means for every quantified metric ton of carbon emissions ("CO2e") produced
as a result of business activities across our marketplaces, we will allocate a set amount of money to carbon projects. Of that
annual budget, we expect to invest a minimum of 25% in projects that catalyze emissions reductions within our value chain, such
as electrifying road transportation with our carriers, while the remaining budget will be allocated to carbon projects beyond our
value chain, such as protecting and conserving forests. This evolution will enable us to take advantage of new opportunities to
reduce our emissions in line with our Net Zero goal. While we expect to continue purchasing VERs as part of this work, we expect
those purchases will cover less than 100% of our quantified annual Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.