Notes on Our GHG Inventory
We note that the above emissions are not net of the application of carbon offsets.
For the subsection of Scope 3 - Category 1, Cloud Computing - Google Cloud (Etsy marketplace only), in 2022 we calculated the emissions
partly with data provided by Google and partly using our own calculation of their market-based emissions. Using Etsy's Cloud Jewels
methodology, we estimated our Google Cloud Platform's Scope 2 energy usage and with Google's agreement, retired REC's on behalf of this
energy usage, thus reducing our supplier emissions from Google Cloud.
In 2023, we made the following updates to our methodology for quantifying our GHG inventory:
?We moved to a new carbon data management vendor allowing us to derive a portion of our quantified Scope 2 location-based emissions with
different and more commonly used emissions factors, resulting in an increase of emissions compared to 2022.
? Our new carbon data management vendor derived our emissions for Scope 3 - Category 1 and included calculations to account for inflation
or deflation which resulted in a decrease in emissions due to spend amounts shrinking when adjusting the dollar value from 2022 to 2012. Our
vendor also derived more supplier specific emissions factors based on publicly available data from some suppliers, resulting in a decrease in
emissions as the emissions data from suppliers were lower than the average Environmental Protection Agency Environmentally Extended
Input-Output factors previously used. Additionally, we updated our Google Cloud Platform emissions calculation by obtaining emissions data
directly from Google, resulting in an increase in emissions as the data for Scope 2 Market-based emissions was higher than estimated in
2022.
3 We re-categorized emissions from upstream and fuel and energy related activities that were a result of Business Travel, Commuting, and End
User Energy from Scope 3 Category 3 into Scope 3 Categories 6, 7, and 11 respectively, resulting in increased emissions in these categories
and a decrease in Scope 3 Category 3 emissions. We note that this change did not have an impact on overall emissions as it is just a re-
categorization. Additionally, in Scope 3 - Category 6, our calculation of Air Travel emissions was changed to include emissions from radiative
force in the emissions factors, resulting in an increase in emissions, as radiative forcing includes calculations with a higher global warming
potential than those without. In Scope 3 - Category 7, we updated our calculations for employee commuting to use data from government
sources and data aggregators.
Overall the changes in methodology in 2023 decreased our calculated emissions when compared to methodologies previously used.
2024, we updated the emissions factors that we use in our Scope 3 - Category 9 packaging emissions calculations to a more current
source from Ecoinvent, switching from the Franklin Associates Oregon Department of Environmental Quality study. This caused an increase in
emissions year-over-year. Additionally, for our packaging emissions calculation we included data from the usage of our planet friendly
packaging program provided by EcoEnclose. For our Scope 3 - Category 9 shipping emissions in 2024, the emission factor applied in
calculating the emissions for Depop shipments was derived from Depop emissions data provided by USPS, whereas in 2023 and 2022, the
emission factor applied was derived from Etsy emissions data as a proxy. Additionally, for Etsy marketplace shipping calculations if the seller
or buyer zip code for a shipment is not valid, then the average shipping distance of all Etsy shipments for that mail class for the reporting year
is used to estimate the shipment distance, whereas in 2023 and 2022, the shipments were excluded from the reported Scope 3, Category 9
emissions.
As a result of the above changes in scope, methodology, and our continued efforts at further accountability, some categories of emissions
data are not comparable from year to year. Additional details regarding the scope and data methodologies used to calculate our GHG
emissions data can be found on our Investor Relations website.