Supplier Diversity
The value that entrepreneurs and innovators deliver is at the core of everything we do, and we therefore continue to work to build
a more transparent, accessible, and competitive supply chain. We believe our commitment to supplier diversity provides access
to a broader range of innovative ideas, talent, and perspectives, which ultimately leads to enhanced market reach, cost efficiency,
and a more resilient supply chain -- all while aligning with our mission to "Keep Commerce Human."
During 2024, we spent $43 million with diverse-owned suppliers, which we define as woman, disability, and LGBTQ-owned
globally; as well as Black, Asian-Indian, Asian-Pacific, Hispanic/Latinx, Indigenous, and veteran-owned in the United States. This
year we verified our self-reported diverse suppliers by cross-referencing with the National Minority Supplier Development Council
and Disability:IN's certified databases to ensure the integrity and accuracy of our efforts.
Although we are committed to broadening the diversity of our supplier base and track this data to help measure our outreach
progress, in all cases we make individual procurement decisions on the basis of merit.
Advancing Partner Welfare and Compensation
Etsy utilizes a number of vendors, contractors, and consultants, collectively our "vendor partners," in the ordinary course of its
business. These vendor partners are typically engaged to (a) enable Etsy to access otherwise unavailable expertise; (b) to fill
short term staffing requirements (for example, temporary leave replacements); or (c) support our operations, including to deliver
24-hour multilingual customer support and trust and safety support coverage. We believe our commitment to our vendor
partners enhances Etsy's operational efficiency and aligns with our ethical standards by reducing turnover, boosting productivity,
and ensuring stable service delivery, thereby strengthening our business resilience.
In 2024, we continued to educate our vendor partners who employ contractors who do work for Etsy on Etsy's aspirational
guidelines for employment practices. We continued a process to survey and evaluate our third-party partners across key
practices. Where we identify gaps, we open dialogues with our vendors, using these guidelines as a north star:
+ Ensuring our contractors receive a progressive living wage, adjusted for market conditions, based on location.
+ Using our leverage with vendor partners to achieve a progressive and flexible paid leave policy for all full-time contractors,
including vacation time, sick time, and gender-neutral parental leave.
+ Ensuring all full-time contractors have access to quality medical care for themselves and their dependents.