leaving a positive
legacy for our world
2020 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL  & GOVERNANCE REPORT
We use the
power of beauty
to improve lives,
strengthen communities
and enhance the world
around us.
CEO Message   4   Community   23
TABLE OF
Introduction  5   Environment   28
CONTENTS
People   9   SASB Index   33
Product   16
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 2
OUR FOOTPRINT  (as of 10/31/2020)  FISCAL  2019 NET SALES BY CATEGORY
1,262  6  13.2 million  25,000+
4%
Cosmetics 50%  5%
stores  distribution  total store  products in store
Skincare, bath
centers  square footage  and fragrance 22%  19%
50%
Haircare products
and styling tools 19%
500+   $7.4 billion   50   35,000+
Services 5%
22%
brands offered  in fiscal 2019  states  associates  Other 4%
net sales
the  possibilities are beautiful.™  3
CEO MESSAGE

What a positive legacy
means to us
Over the past 30 years, Ulta Beauty has earned our
reputation as the most admired beauty retailer by
our guests, associates and investors. And after a
year like 2020, it’’s worth reflecting on our company’s
role at this moment in history. While our lives have
been disrupted in so many ways, we believe in the
power and possibility of beauty more than ever
before. During this uncertain time, beauty provides
happiness, hope and renewal, helping us feel a
little bit like ourselves again.
But Ulta Beauty aspires to be known not only for
providing all things beauty to our guests. We also
want to leave a positive legacy on our world through
environmental and social impacts. Though we are
in the early stages of our sustainability journey
and environmental, social and governance (ESG)
disclosure, operating our business in a responsible
manner and doing the right thing for one another has
always been part of who we are as an organization.
Over the past year, we have worked to bring together
our ongoing efforts and track our achievements
across four focus areas ——People, Product, Community
and the Environment—so we can more formally
share our ESG strategy with you. We are pleased
to share our progress in each of these areas in this
inaugural ESG report.
One of the accomplishments we are extremely
proud of is the launch of Conscious Beauty at
Ulta Beauty™, a first-of-its-kind initiative that will
inspire more informed, conscious product choices
for guests, their loved ones and the environment.
Through this program, we will provide transparency
around brands that use clean ingredients in their
products, as well as whose products are cruelty
free, vegan, use sustainable packaging and have a
positive impact in communities—all practices that
we know matter to our guests. With the introduction
of Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™, we also
announced a sustainable packaging commitment that
will align with other company initiatives to conserve
resources and protect the environment.

Another point of pride is our long tradition
of being a diversity-forward company. In
my seven years as CEO, we’’ ve worked hard
to represent the wonderful diversity of our
communities in everything we do, from our
marketing communications to our brand
partnerships and our team of associates. As
the events of 2020 showed us, systemic racism
is pervasive in so many aspects of our society.
While we have long been aware of and worked to
counteract this harmful legacy, broader awareness
and calls to action in 2020 have sharpened our
focus on these issues. Now, we’’re working to
accelerate our actions in this space and continue
to be an authentic leader of diversity and inclusion
in corporate America.
Improving the lives of women and families in our
communities is another enduring focus. Reflecting
this commitment, as of the end of October 2020, we
raised more than $37 million to benefit life-changing
research at the Breast Cancer Research Foundation®,
which we have supported for more than a decade,
and donated more than $1 million to support the
efforts of Save the Children® in rural communities.
The COVID-19 pandemic has brought challenges and
tragedies unlike any we’’ ve ever faced. Throughout
this crisis, Ulta Beauty associates, especially in our
stores and distribution centers, have continued to
show incredible agility, creativity and commitment
to the health and safety of our guests and one
another. I want to thank my leadership team and all
of our associates for not only caring for themselves
and each other this year, but also helping shape
the positive legacy that Ulta Beauty will leave on
the world well into the future. We look forward to
continuing to update you on our progress.
Mary Dillon
Chief Executive Officer

the possibilities are beautiful.™ 4
INTRODUCTION  2020 ESG REPORT
ESG at Ulta Beauty
We  believe  beauty  makes  the world a better place. That’s why
the  strategic  focus  of  our ESG work is leaving a positive legacy
for our world.
Our ESG priorities are aligned with and are part of our overall business strategy. This
work is focused on four key pillars, which contribute to a positive legacy through the
people we employ and guests we serve, the products we offer and the impact we
have on the environment and on communities.
PEOPLE
We want all associates to feel that they belong at Ulta
Beauty and can be their true, authentic selves
PRODUCT
Board oversight
We empower guests to make informed choices about
the products we offer  Ulta Beauty’s Board of Directors and  the Audit Committee oversees issues of
Executive Team have overall oversight  cybersecurity and data privacy.
and accountability for sustainability
within the organization. The Board has  Our General Counsel is the executive
COMMUNITY  three committees—Nominating &   sponsor of our ESG program and works
Corporate Governance, Compensation  with a cross-functional team of experts,
We improve the lives of women and families
in our communities  and Audit—each of which touches ESG  including representatives from human
issues in its own way. The Nominating &   resources, growth and development,
Corporate Governance Committee has  supply chain, merchandising and store
primary responsibility for our ESG policies   operations, who drive ESG strategy
ENVIRONMENT  and practices, as well as associated risks.  across the four pillars. In addition, we
Our Compensation Committee has   have many associates who are passionate
We want to maintain the beauty of our environment
and minimize our impact on the world around us  oversight of diversity and inclusion, and  about ESG topics.
tthhee    ppoossssiibbiilliittiieess  aarree  bbeeaauuttiiffuull..ffi™  5
INTRODUCTION 2020 ESG REPORT
Corporate governance
Strong corporate governance allows us to deliver value for
shareholders. We do this with a diverse and engaged Board
of Directors and leadership team who contribute a variety
of experiences and perspectives.
DIRECTORS BY RACE
Our Board is composed of independent  regular management updates on our
7.3 years
directors who bring a wide variety of  business operations, financial results
18%
expertise and leadership to help guide  and strategy. The Board then discusses  directors’ average
our CEO, who is also a director, and   and provides guidance with respect   White 82%  82%  tenure
our management team.  to risks related to those topics. Since
Black 18%
relaunching an enhanced enterprise risk
62 years
Board diversity  management (ERM) program in 2016, we
One of the things that makes the    have successfully raised and improved
directors’ average age
Ulta Beauty Board of Directors uniquely   risk awareness across the organization.
effective is its diversity, particularly gender
diversity—55% of our Board members   In addition to sharing ERM results with
are women. We are also proud to  have   our Board and leadership, we also share  DIRECTORS BY GENDER
Learn more about our
Board members who are racially diverse   feedback with participating associates,
and one member who identifies as   who appreciate knowing their input is  b usiness and governance:
LGBTQ+. Regular refreshment of our   making a difference. We take a practical  >  Overview for Investors
Board helps us incorporate new ideas and   approach that incorporates the input of  >  Board of Directors listing
perspectives, and 36% of our directors  associates at all levels of the company,  Women 55%  55%  >  Board Committee composition
Men 45%  45%
joined the Board within the last five years.   with special emphasis on the in-store and   >  Governance documents
distribution center associates who know  >  Investor FAQs
Risk management  our guests and operations best. Through
Our Board provides guidance and   this process, we engage approximately
oversight on risk management activities  150 associates per year. We are increasingly
and processes across the company. To  using technology to improve our approach,
ensure understanding of the risks we  such as facilitating live voting and real-time
face as an enterprise, the Board receives  data analysis of results.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 6
INTRODUCTION 2020 ESG REPORT

Data stewardship
We value our guests and associates and
treat their information and other financial
We manage data security and privacy at
the highest levels. Our Board of Directors
has always actively engaged in oversight of
cybersecurity, and we recently highlighted
this formal oversight role in the charter
of our Audit Committee. Our CEO keeps
the Board informed on a wide variety of
cybersecurity and privacy matters via
monthly reporting, regular reports in
the Audit Committee and full Board
discussions throughout the year.
Ulta Beauty’s General Counsel also serves
as our Chief Privacy Officer, and works
closely with our internal data stewardship
committee, including our Chief Information
Officer and our IT Risk Management team,
to ensure we take a holistic approach to
caring for guest, associate and financial
data. Data stewardship includes three
p r i m a r y f o c u s a r e a s :
P e r s o n a l i z a t i o n a n d p r i v a c y
A s a r e t a i l e r , w e u s e d a t a t o d r i v e
d e m a n d v i a t a r g e t e d m a r k e t i n g , d e v e l o p
m e r c h a n d i s e i n s i g h t s a n d s t r a t e g i e s ,
su p p o r t m e m b e r r e c o g n i t i o n t h r o u g h o u r
loyalty program and provide guest insights
to drive business objectives across our

the data they entrust to us, and
data with care and respect.
company. We safeguard this data by
monitoring and complying with all privacy
laws. In addition, we don’t sell guest data,
and we share aggregated and anonymized
data with our brand partners and
third-party vendors for our own use.
Oversight and enablement
Our Security and Network Operations
Center (SNOC) constantly and proactively
monitors our network and application
landscape for threats and anomalies. We
have established processes for sharing data
and performing third-party risk assessment.
Other recent improvements include
disaster recovery planning and testing.
Security
All Ulta Beauty associates have a role as
stewards of company data, and it’s essential
t h a t w e e d u c a t e t h e m o n h o w t o k e e p d a t a
u t y
e a
s a f e . A s p a r t o f o u r a n n u a l C o d e o f B u s i n e s s a B
U l t
A ll v e
C o n d u c t t r a i n i n g , w e t r a i n a s s o c i a t e s o n h a
e s
i a t
h o w t o k e e p d e v i c e s a n d d a t a s a f e i n p u b l i c o c d s
a s s a r
e w
p l a c e s ; h o w t o a v o i d s e c u r i t y t h r e a t s a n d s t
a s
o l e
p h i s h i n g s c a m s ; h o w t o m a i n t a i n a s e c u r e a r t a .
d a
u r
w o r k p l a c e ; a n d e v e r y d a y p r a c t i c e s t h a t f o
o
help maintain the security of corporate
digital devices, data and systems. Our
security approach also includes multiple
layers of defense and testing of controls.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 7
INTRODUCTION 2020 ESG REPORT

Ethics & compliance
It’s not only our products and services
beauty destination—it’s also the way
inspires our actions and strengthens
associates, communities, partners and
The Ulta Beauty Code of Business
Conduct helps us work ethically and
transparently in support of our mission,
vision and values. All associates, officers
and members of our Board of Directors
are expected to act in accordance with the
Code of Business Conduct. It is included
in new hire materials for all associates,
who must read and acknowledge this
policy each year. We also maintain Ulta
Vendor Standards, which are shared
with, and outline our expectations of,
all Ulta Beauty vendors. These cover
the ethical conduct and social and
environmental compliance standards that
are required of a responsible workplace.
The Code of Business Conduct provides
guidance on topics including diversity
and inclusion, employee relations, fair
competition, human rights, community
involvement, environmental protection
and more. We encourage associates to
speak up to report any violations of the
Code of Business Conduct. There are
several ways to report a concern:

that make us the most loved
we conduct business. Integrity
our reputation with guests,
investors.
> S peaking with one’s own manager or
another manager
> S peaking to a Human Resources (HR)
Business Partner
> C ontacting the We Care! Let’s Talk
line, by email or phone
> C alling our third-party Ethics Hotline Ulta Beauty Ethics &
anonymously online or by phone
> E mailing Legal Services to reach our Compliance Policies
Chief Compliance Officer
Our Ethics Hotline is managed by HR, but
> Americans with Disabilities Act Policy
our General Counsel and Chief Compliance
> Anti-Harassment Discrimination Policy
Officer also reviews all concerns. Each
> Confidentiality Policy
quarter, a cross-functional team meets to
> Employment-At-Will Policy
discuss reporting trends and share status
> Ethics and Business in Business Transactions Policy
of investigations and outcomes. The most
> Inappropriate Relationship Policy
commonly reported concerns are general
> Insider Trading Policy
HR-related matters.
> Official Government Inspections Policy and Procedure
> Open Door Policy
We continually improve our approach to
> Privacy Policy
compliance through the Ulta Compliance
> Ulta Beauty Gift & Gratis Policy
Network (UCN). UCN is a group of
associates who regularly focus on
compliance. The group meets quarterly
and provides a way for these associates
to share best practices, discuss challenges
and identify useful tools or resources.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 8
ppeeooppllee
We want all associates to
feel that they belong at
Ulta Beauty and can be
their true, authentic selves.
Inclusive teams.
82% of associates say their teams create a
diverse and inclusive working environment
A place to learn and grow.
A majority of promotions are internal
Being exactly who you are.
6,000+ women elevated to management
roles in the past five years
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 9
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT
Beauty from the inside out
Our Ulta Beauty Culture
There’s no place quite like Ulta Beauty. We’re on a mission to use the
power of beauty to bring out the possibilities within every person, and
that work begins with our associates. While we are diverse in so
many  ways, our people share a passion for redefining beauty and
retail—and a desire to build fulfilling careers.
The associate experience is grounded   Annually, we receive feedback from   deeper on specific topics. In 2020, the  We build upon and reinforce our culture
in our mission, vision and values.   the majority of our associate base  survey and roundtables zeroed in on our  at every level. Our CEO Mary Dillon
We work as a team to give “wow”   (approximately 78%) and follow a specific   COVID-19 response and diversity and  and other executives regularly make
experiences to our guests, in service of   process to make changes based on those  inclusion work. We were pleased to  themselves available for open dialogue
our vision of becoming the most loved   insights. Our results often put us in the  discover that 75% of associates surveyed  in a variety of forums, including Town
beauty destination and the most   top global quartile of companies surveyed   feel supported at Ulta Beauty, even amid  Halls, store and distribution center visits,
admired retailer.   for associate engagement globally. We  the shifts and challenges of the past year.   special small group gatherings and  more.
also hold roundtable sessions to dive
We don’t take our strong culture for
granted. As a guest-centric company, we
put a special focus on the experiences and
feedback of our in-store associates—
those who know our guests the best.
“ Without question, 2020 has reinforced the power of building a highly
We regularly conduct an associate
engaged, diverse culture. Our long-term commitment to creating an
engagement survey to take the pulse of
environment where all associates feel they belong and all perspectives
associates’ satisfaction with their role,
are valued is a focus for us as we do what’s right—for our people and
their leader and the company as a whole.
our business. Diversity is a cornerstone of Ulta Beauty and will continue
to set the tone for how we operate, grow and collaborate, in good times
and challenging times alike.”
Dave Kimbell, President, Ulta Beauty
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 10
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT

Growing with us
Training & development
Ulta Beauty offers inspiring career paths
We provide opportunities to gain new
traditional training programs, but also
cross-functional projects.
We find new associates by meeting them
where they are. Many associates learn
about Ulta Beauty through word of mouth,
but we also recruit through job postings,
on campuses and online. For associates
working in salon services, we often
connect through professional platforms
and licensing programs. While scaled
back in 2020, our corporate internship
program is typically another source of
promising talent.
We waste no time welcoming new
associates to the Ulta Beauty team.
Orientation takes a variety of forms
across our stores, distribution centers
and corporate office. For corporate
associates, we organize a one-day
event called the Ultamate Foundation,

for professionals at every level.
expertise not only through
through participation in
during which all new hires learn about
the company and responsibilities of
each department and engage with the
Executive Team. Our CEO and Executive
Team participate in this event.
In-store associates take part in a structured
onboarding program during which they
engage in learning on specific tracks based
on their role. All new store managers
participate in a customized, role-based
training program known as Ultamate
Pathways. Topics covered include store
operations, guest service expectations and
inventory control processes. Managers
also get a full introduction to Ulta Beauty’s
mission, vision and values, along with our
commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Given our value of Improve Always,
ongoing training is an important part
of the associate experience. And there’s
always something new to learn. For
example, in-store associates use a digital
workplace tool for microtraining on new
product lines, sales skills and, this past
year, COVID-19 safety practices.
The Ulta Beauty work experience is
challenging, rewarding and fun. Associates
have the opportunity to build individual
development plans to help them work
toward career goals, and to use a learning
management system that houses training
on role-specific skills, interpersonal skills
and more. In 2020, even more training
was delivered virtually, which had the

unexpected benefit of allowing us to
reach more associates than ever before.
Our leadership development programs
prepare promising future leaders for
new levels of responsibility. Each year,
we organize a training program that
focuses on high-potential talent at the
director level and above. In 2019, we
rolled out a new program through which
officers mentor high-potential directors,
with a specific focus on diverse talent.
Across the company, the majority of our
promotions are internal. As we continue
to promote and develop from within,
we’re building a bench of associates
and leaders who know our company
inside and out.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 11
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT
Changing how the world
ULTA BEAUTY ASSOCIATES
sees beauty
8%
Diversity &  Inclusion
Women 92%  92%
Men 8%
As a leader in the beauty industry, we have a responsibility
to shape how the world sees and experiences beauty. Beauty
can be fun, approachable and empowering, and we’re
committed to using the power of beauty to create a more
inclusive world.
EXECUTIVE TEAM
While diversity and inclusion (D&I) have  head  of the table. We know we have
always been part of Ulta Beauty’s DNA,  an opportunity to increase representation
these beliefs informed purposeful work  of people of color across Ulta Beauty,   Women 50%
50%  50%
on our formal D&I program, which began  particularly in leadership positions.   provided associates with an opportunity  Men 50%
in 2018. The program’s goal is to create  Together, we’re building a workforce that   to learn about and explore ways to mitigate
an inclusive environment where every  reflects the available talent where we   unconscious bias in their everyday lives.
associate feels they can fully contribute  work, live and do business and one that   In 2020, we leaned into the national
and every guest is optimally served,  mirrors our guest community.   conversation on race through the Race
regardless of differences. Throughout  Matters series. The series featured Ulta
2020, we took specific actions to embed  D&I is more than representation. It’s also  Beauty leaders and included sessions on
D&I for associates and guests, through a  about creating an environment where  being Black in America, white privilege
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
journey to learn and develop awareness,  associates feel they belong and can be  and allyship. Participation was required
XX%
understanding and celebration.  their authentic selves. A critical way we  of our 8,800+ leaders, who had the option
achieve this is by educating all associates  of attending a live session or completing
Leveraging the power of   on the lived experiences of their peers and   the training on their own. We concluded
diverse perspectives  key moments in time that have cultural  the experience by encouraging each  Women 55%  55%
Celebrating diversity everywhere starts  or heritage significance—as well as the  associate to take ownership of their role
Men 45%
45%
with a diverse workforce. With fifty percent   unconscious beliefs and biases that shape   to be an inclusive leader and colleague.
of our Executive Team made up of women,   our behavior today. During fiscal year 2019,   To transform these lessons into action,
we’re proud to be a place where women  we welcomed the Check Your Blind Spots   attendees received support materials to
aren’t only in the room; they’re at the   unconscious bias tour, hosted by the CEO   promote open dialogue, awareness and
Action for Diversity & Inclusion®, that  greater understanding.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 12
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT

Diversity & Inclusion (continued)
Our D&I Champions Network also helps
us promote D&I across our daily work and
experiences. This team of enthusiastic
associates has committed to promoting
the value and practice of a diverse
and inclusive workplace by creating
interactive educational experiences
for their peers. They also identify
opportunities for Ulta Beauty to engage
with communities on D&I-related work.
Launched in October 2019, the network
has approximately 100 members and has
organized numerous initiatives, including
our celebrations of special days including:
> M artin Luther King, Jr. Day
> L unar New Year
meeting the moment
While Ulta Beauty’s D&I program has been underway
calls for action against racism and police brutality
special urgency. As a society, we began confronting
in everyday systems, and stakeholders demanded
support from businesses. When UOMA Beauty
Pull Up or Shut Up, challenging beauty brands
disclosing the number of Black employees they
responded quickly. Eighteen percent of Ulta’s
our Executive Team leaders, identify as Black.
Knowing that our associates were also looking
movement, we announced Double Up for Justice,
opportunity where the Ulta Beauty Charitable
donations to organizations dedicated to racial
months and supported the Equal Justice Initiative,
Urban League and Skills for Chicagoland’s Future.

> B lack History Month
> I nternational Women’s Day
> A sian Pacific American Heritage Month
> P ride Month
> J uneteenth
> L atinx Heritage Month
> N ational Disabilities Employment
Awareness Month
> C oming Out Day
> V eterans Day
> T ransgender Day of Remembrance
Offering beauty at its most inclusive
From the products and services we
offer, to the people who appear in our
marketing and advertising, we’re in a
powerful position to shape society’s
for some time, growing
in 2020 gave this work a
racism and its presence
more than statements of
CEO Sharon Chuter launched
to share posts on social media
have in leadership roles, we
Board of Directors, and 13% of
ULTA BEAUTY LEADERSHIP*
64% 18%
for ways to support the
a special gift-matching women people of color
Foundation matched associate
equality. The program ran for two * Leadership is defined as director and above.
YWCA® USA, Chicago Area

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 13
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT

Diversity & Inclusion (continued)
standards of beauty. Ulta Beauty’s goal
is to respect and represent every guest
through our words and our actions.
Services training is one way we’re putting
our commitments into action. In 2021, we
plan to equip all stylists with foundational
technical skills to support future plans
in certifying our stylists in the art
of textured hair. Externally, we are
enhancing our multicultural marketing
and communications strategies, such as
amplifying BIPOC (or Black, Indigenous
and people of color)-owned brands,
founders, creatives and artists.
In addition, we aim to ensure that all
in-store experiences are equitable,
fair and unbiased. We’re taking action
to support this goal by conducting
mandatory trainings for in-store
associates and providing weekly bite-
sized learning opportunities to focus
on guest perspectives and reinforce
key takeaways. We are offering similar
training across the organization to help
key decision-makers and associates in
their own learning journeys and support
our Champion Diversity value and
inclusion competency.

Exploring the possibilities
We can’t do it all on our own. Ulta Beauty
aspires to be recognized as a D&I leader
both inside and outside the retail industry,
and is engaging with communities and
external partners to scale up our impact.
We’re increasing our investments in
organizations focused on addressing
inequality and creating opportunity, such
as YWCA®’s Until Justice campaign as a
founding member of the Racial Justice
League. Other opportunities we’re
exploring include increasing our spend
with diverse suppliers and forming
partnerships with influencers and brands
who share our mission and values.
This work is a journey, and we have a
plan to hold ourselves accountable. Our
D&I program is supported by a strong
governance structure that keeps our work
moving forward. Working groups lead our
efforts to create more diverse and inclusive
recruiting and development practices,
D&I recognition
in-store experiences and external
partnerships. Next, we are localizing
this work, incorporating D&I Councils > Forbes 2019 Best Employers for Diversity
at stores and distribution centers. > Forbes 2019 Best Employers for Women
> Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Diversity
> Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Women
> Diversity Inc. Noteworthy Companies for Diversity

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 14
PPEEOOPPLLEE  2020 ESG REPORT
Taking care of each other
Safety, wellness & benefits
Our commitment to our associates and their well-being—inside and
outside of work—is one of our highest priorities. Ulta Beauty has
carefully assembled a suite of benefits that affirms and supports
all that our associates contribute each and every day.
Well-being begins with health care for all eligible associates, which includes those who
work more than 30 hours a week for Ulta Beauty in any position. Coverage extends
to eligible dependents, including spouses, same-sex partners and children under 26.
These and other benefits helped ease
Our healthcare plans are above market for retailers and other service industry companies.
some of the hardships created by
Our medical plans provide above-average levels of health care coverage, with less cost
COVID-19. The Ulta Beauty Charitable
share placed on associates, compared to many other retailers. We offer comprehensive
Foundation maintains an Associate Relief
medical plans that empower employees to choose the coverage that best suits them.
Program through which we provide
Other key benefits include:
grants to associates facing unforeseen
financial setbacks. For associates who
>  4 01(k) plan with up to a 4% company match
care for children who are learning from
>  Disability and life insurance
home, due to the COVID-19 pandemic,
>  C  ompany-paid short-term disability pay at 80% of pay
we also provided access to discounts for
>  A  dditional insurance options, including legal, pet, home and auto
online educational resources.
bundles of joy
>  Tuition reimbursement program
>  P aid time off, including an extended illness bank
Across all locations, associates receive
>  D  iscounts on retail products and salon services
instruction on how to keep themselves  The Ulta Beauty family is always growing.
and guests safe. Many associates receive   At any given time across our workforce, we
And because wellness, like beauty, is more than skin deep, we offer mental
training that is specific to their roles—for   typically have about 250 associates who
health resources, such as counseling services and access to apps; financial
example, salon professionals are trained  are expecting a child. We help associates
wellness planning and guidance; and health apps and educational resources
in the safe handling of chemicals.  celebrate and prepare for this joyful
for soon-to-be parents.
milestone with information and resources.
We also offer adoption assistance for
associates seeking to grow their families
by adopting a child.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 15
pprroodduucctt

We empower guests to
make informed choices
about the products we offer.
Limitless assortment.
25,000+ SKUs across 500+ brands
The power of choice.
Transparent information about product
ingredients—so guests can choose
what’s right for them
A clean-beauty destination.
200+ brands certified by the Conscious
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ platform
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 16
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT
All Things Beauty.
All In One Place.®
We have been visionaries since day one. When Ulta Beauty was
founded in 1990, prestige, mass and salon beauty products were sold
through distinct channels. There was no single place that beauty lovers
could go to meet all of their needs. We envisioned a new specialty re-
tail concept that brought together a wide range of products, styles and
price points: offering All Things Beauty. All in One Place®.
Today, our assortment continues to reflect   A copy of our Ulta Vendor Standards is
the diversity of our guests. At our stores  provided to all suppliers. This document
and at ulta.com, you’ll find more than  outlines our expectations for ethical
25,000 products across all categories  business conduct, worker safety,
and price points, including our private  environmental protection and product
label, Ulta Beauty Collection®.  standards. Our supplier relations team
onboards new brands and vendors, using
webinars and other tools to educate
Product stewardship  Our products and services
them on how to succeed with us. This
level of engagement allows us to work
Our breadth of products is made possible
successfully with beauty brands that    PRODUCTS   SALON SERVICES
by more than 500 brand partnerships.
have well-established supply chain   >  Cosmetics   >  H  air cut, color, treatment
We work closely with these partners
infrastructures, as well as up-and-coming   >  Fragrance  and styling
to understand, not just their products,
brands that may need extra guidance.   >  Haircare  >  Lash applications
but also their businesses, so that we
>  Skincare  >  Makeup
can curate an assortment that meets
>  Bath and body products  >  Brow and wax services
the needs of our guests and helps
>  Salon styling tools
brand partners succeed.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 17
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT

All Things Beauty. All In One Place.® (continued)
Ulta Beauty Collection®
Beyond our brand partners’ products, we’re
proud to offer the Ulta Beauty Collection®,
our private label. This collection offers
essential products in key categories such
as cosmetics, skincare and bath. We
market the collection in an engaging and
approachable way to connect with our
guests and help strengthen their perception
of Ulta Beauty as a contemporary beauty
destination and authority on all things
beauty. These on-trend products appeal
to guests of all ages, particularly those
who may not be beauty experts but are
looking for high-quality products for
everyday use.
We manage the full development cycle
of these products in partnership with a
network of approximately 60 suppliers
worldwide. The process begins with
product briefs that we develop based on
our research into emerging trends and
guests’ needs. We present a product brief
to a vendor, who then develops a unique

formulation based on our specifications
for color, fragrance and performance.
The Ulta Beauty Collection® team then
evaluates and provides feedback on
products and packaging, from confirming
that mascara brushes resist clumps to
ensuring that pump bottles dispense just
the right amount of product. Our formulas
and packaging are thoroughly tested to
validate the product concept and ensure
it meets safety standards.
We hold our vendors to the highest of
industry standards. We expect all suppliers
to sign a manufacturing agreement as
well as a social compliance agreement.
In addition, factory visits and third-party
audits are conducted to evaluate work
practices as appropriate. Ulta Beauty
Collection® is currently a part of the Clean
Ingredients and Cruelty Free pillars within
the Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™
program, with goals of being added to
the Sustainable Packaging pillar by 2025
(learn more about Conscious Beauty at
Ulta Beauty™.)

helping guests shop safely in unprecedented times
To create safer shopping environments in stores following the outbreak of
COVID-19, we followed government and health guidance and were recognized
for our industry leadership in keeping guests safe.
In addition, we allowed guests to make purchases online for in-store pickup
and curbside pickup as a contactless and convenient option for guests to meet
their beauty needs. As a result of these and other practices, Ulta Beauty was
named one of the top retailers in NAPCO Research’s new report, Retailer
Readiness: COVID-19 In-Store Safety Index.
We collaborated with the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) to share
best practices across the industry. The resulting practices are known as our
Shop Safe Standards, and include:
Mandatory face coverings Suspension of
for associates and guests product testers
Visual cues to reinforce Increased protocols for
social distancing cleaning and disinfecting
Added safety measures Daily wellness checks
for salon services for associates
Hand sanitizer throughout
the store

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 18
PPRROODDUUCCTT  2020 ESG REPORT
A clean beauty evolution
Today’s consumers are more interested than ever in choosing products
that will support their overall health and wellness. They are also paying
attention to the connection between their personal well-being and the
well-being of workers, animals, communities and the environment.
And they are increasingly supporting brands whose actions align
with their own values.
In the beauty space, this translates  As the premier destination for all things
into a desire for “clean beauty,” which  beauty, Ulta Beauty is stepping into
can refer to products that have fewer  this  opportunity. We have long offered
ingredients and are free from potentially  products that incorporate clean
harmful substances. While there is clear  ingredients, ethical practices and
consumer demand for cleaner products,  environmental benefits. Now, we are
there is no broadly agreed-upon  creating a holistic solution that will
definition of what clean beauty really  educate, guide and simplify this complex
means. Nor has there been a good way  landscape for guests as they choose the
to evaluate clean ingredients alongside  beauty products that meet their needs
other priorities, such as animal welfare  and align to their personal values.
or environmental sustainability.
BASED ON ULTA BEAUTY CONSUMER RESEARCH:
63%   90%   75%
of those who seek out clean  of Gen Z’ers intend to buy  of customers wish it were
beauty products say “safer  clean beauty products  easier to know which
for the planet” options are  over the next 12 months  products are truly clean
important to them
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 19
PPRROODDUUCCTT 2020 ESG REPORT

Introducing Conscious Beauty
at Ulta Beauty.TM
CLEAN INGREDIENTS
Brands whose products exclude
parabens, phthalates and other
i n g r e d i e n t s o n o u r M a d e W i t h o u t
CLEAN
L is t , w h i c h w a s d e v e l o p e d w i t h
MPACT INGREDIEN
c o n s i d e r a t i o n f o r t h e h u m a n a n d
VE I
TS e n v i r o n m e n t a l h e a l t h i m p a c t o f
OSITI
i n g r e d i e n t s . W e w i l l e v o l v e t h e
P
Made Without List over time
with input from experts and
brand partners.
CRUELTY FREE
Brands that do not conduct
animal testing. Our definition
S will be tied to existing cruelty-free
U
S certifications, including PETA,
T
A E
IN E L e a p i n g B u n n y o r C h o o s e C r u e l t y
A R
B F
L Y F r e e . M a n y o f o u r b ra n d p ar t n e r s
E T
P L
A E al r e a d y p o s s e s s t h e se d e s i g n a t io n s .
C U
R
K C
A
G
IN
G VEGAN
Vegan is an area of importance
for many consumers today.
We have adopted the standard
definition of vegan: products
VEGAN
that are free of animal products,
animal byproducts and
animal derivatives.

SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING
Product packaging is one of
the most tangible and obvious
aspects of Conscious Beauty
at Ulta Beauty™ for guests. At
l e a s t 5 0 % o f th e p a c k a g in g
f r o m c e r t i fi e d b r a n d s m u s t
b e m a d e f r o m r e c y c l e d o r
biosourced materials or be
recyclable or refillable.
POSITIVE IMPACT
Beauty brands give back in so
many ways, and we will use
this pillar to highlight brands
whose philanthropic efforts
are critical to their DNA.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 20
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT
A clean beauty evolution (continued)
How we bring Conscious  Partnership
Strong partnerships through Conscious
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ to life
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ will allow us to
evolve the program with leading experts
Certification  across the space. In tandem with the
Brands are certified to the Conscious   Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ pillars through an   launch, we are collaborating with clean
online portal powered by ClearForMe,  beauty pioneer Credo® to introduce the
our strategic partner. ClearForMe is a  Credo Collection at Ulta Beauty. This
leader in the clean beauty space that  curated collection will feature a rotation
manages the most comprehensive   of clean beauty brands, available in
ingredient database on the market,   select stores and online, that will allow
and will both onboard brands into the  us to continuously introduce customers
Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™  to new brands.
program and support us in bringing
ingredient transparency to life for our   Conscious Beauty Advisory Council
guests. To date, over 200 brands have   We are also planning and expect to
been  certified in one or more pillars.  convene a Conscious Beauty Advisory
Council made up of a diverse set of
Education  leaders at the forefront of product
The program launched in stores and   development, packaging sustainability,
on ulta.com in October 2020, with more  trends and insights. This forum of
than 200 certified brands. We celebrated  leading beauty brands and experts
and began to educate guests, influencers  will collectively evolve Conscious
and the press with virtual events and in- Beauty at Ulta Beauty™.
store endcaps made with sustainable and
recyclable materials. Training for in-store
associates will allow them to help guests
make informed choices about clean
beauty products.   the beauty of giving back
Brands that do good deserve a special spotlight. That’s the purpose of
our Positive Impact pillar, which many of our brand partners, including
Kreyòl Essence, embody perfectly. The Kreyòl Essence team began
working with Haitian farmers and cooperatives in 2014 to plant 100,000
castor trees, which help reduce deforestation, soil erosion and
greenhouse gases. Kreyòl Essence has a goal of supporting 30,000
families in the next five years and cultivating over 1,000 hectares of land.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 21
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT

Our sustainable
packaging commitment
Sending less to the landfill means good
to Zero Waste Week, the global cosmetics
units of packaging annually. Much of that
majority of it is not recycled. That’s why
pillar of Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™.
To qualify for our Sustainable Packaging
pillar, at least 50% of a brand’s product
packaging must be made from recycled
or biosourced materials or be recyclable
or refillable. To date, more than 90 brands
have already qualified. These leaders
will help us meet our goal of 50% of
owned and non-owned brand packaging
being made from recycled or biosourced
materials, recyclable or refillable by
2025. This goal aligns with targets being
set by other brands and retailers, and has
the potential to make a major impact on
our industry’s waste challenge. Several
key partnerships and memberships will
allow us to amplify our Sustainable
Packaging work:
Loop
Loop, a reusable packaging pioneer
owned by TerraCycle®, eliminates waste
by delivering consumer products in

things for the planet. According
industry produces 120 billion
packaging is plastic, and the
Sustainable Packaging is a key
durable, reusable containers rather than
HOW LOOP ORDERING WORKS
single-use disposables. In early 2021, we
Ulta Beauty’s Sustainable
will give guests the opportunity to order
their favorite products for home delivery Packaging Goal Guest shops via
an Ulta Beauty x Guest is shipped a
in Loop’s waste-free containers.
Loop microsite reusable container
50%
How2Recycle
Standardized labels on Ulta Beauty
of packaging sold at Ulta
Collection® products and select Ulta
Beauty will be recyclable,
Beauty print materials will educate guests
refillable, or made from
on how best to recycle. How2Recycle’s
recycled or bio-sourced
clear labels take the guesswork out of
materials by 2025
recycling, and allow us to track and
measure recyclability across our portfolio.
Including both Ulta Beauty Cleaned container After use, empty
Collection and other brands sold is refilled to be container is
Sustainable Packaging Coalition® (SPC) distributed again shipped to Loop
We support the SPC’s mission of making for cleaning
actionable improvements to packaging
systems. Through our membership, we
will have the opportunity to learn from
fellow retailers and other leaders in the
sustainable packaging space.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 22
mmunity
co

We improve the lives of
women and families in
our communities.
Life-changing research.
Support for 25 researchers affiliated with
the Breast Cancer Research Foundation®
Surpassing our goals.
$1.2 million raised for Save the
Children® in just two weeks in 2020
Caring for people.
Helping 750 associates dealing with
COVID-19-related hardship through
our Associate Relief Program
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 23
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT
The power to
improve lives
MEET OUR NATIONAL PARTNERS
We strive to make a positive
difference in the communities
®
where we live and work. That’s
why, in 2016, we created the Ulta
PARTNER  SINCE 2009  PARTNER  SINCE 2016  PARTNER  SINCE 2017
Beauty Charitable Foundation
Works to prevent and cure breast  Works to give vulnerable children   Empowers women to achieve
(UBCF) to enhance the well-
cancer by supporting clinical and  in the U.S. and around the world  economic independence by
being and education of women  WHAT THEY DO  translational research at medical  a healthy start in life and the  providing a network of support,
and families. Women make up  institutions across the world.  opportunity to learn.  professional attire and the tools
to help them thrive in work and
the majority of our guests and
in life.
our associates, and our donations
help women across the country
Our donations fund the work of  We implement a program once a  UBCF provides Dress for Success®
live to their fullest potential.
a diverse group of researchers.  year at the in-store point of sale.  Worldwide with financial support,
This support covers the entire  Associates also wore red in 2020  products and associate volunteer
spectrum of breast cancer  to raise awareness with guests,  time. We adjusted to provide
HOW WE HELP
Our philanthropic efforts began in  research—from understanding  and associates had the opportu- services virtually in 2020.
2009, when we began our partnership  metastatic disease to identifying  nity to write letters to children in
with the Breast Cancer Research  new targets and treatments.  vulnerable communities.
Foundation. Since then, we have
broadened our focus to support other
organizations that help women and  $37 million+  $2.3 million   $500,000
families thrive. We have since added
raised since 2009  raised since 2016 for   donated since 2017
two more national partners, Save the
education and emergency
Children® and Dress for Success®
$5.5 million   22,000+
response programs
Worldwide, who we support each year  OUR IMPACT
with monetary and in-kind donations,  raised in 2019, supporting  $1.2 million   women impacted in
board leadership and volunteer service.   110,000 research hours for  35 U.S. cities
UBCF has its own board made up of  25 researchers  raised in two weeks in 2020,
Ulta Beauty executives who help set  impacting 750,000 kids
policy and direction for the Foundation.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 24
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT
The power to improve lives (continued)
Wherever possible, we engage associates and guests in programs for giving back.
During a typical year, associates will donate their time and talents to, for example,
create hair and makeup styles for women looking to find employment or undergoing
treatment for breast cancer, organize donation drives or participate in fundraising
races. Meanwhile, guests can make contributions to our national partners at the
register or online, and participate in Cut for a Cause®, where the cost of a service is
donated to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation®. Due to COVID-19, many of these
in-person events have been temporarily suspended, and, as a result, we have shifted
to focus on matching gifts for associates and reaching guests and our nonprofit
partners’ clients online.
In late 2020, we organized Beauty on the Move, a virtual fitness event benefiting
BCRF® and open to all associates. Associates pledged to get moving by running,
walking, swimming or biking, and raised funds through donations from family and
friends. More than 450 associates took part in the event and collectively raised
nearly $110,000 for BCRF®.
funding research that matters
While we review our BCRF® funding portfolio annually, we try to fund projects
and investigators whom we can support in growing their research programs over
time. One of our grantees is Dr. William Kaelin, who works to rapidly apply
knowledge gained from studying other cancers to the treatment of breast
cancer. This work earned him the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
There are so many angles from which we’re helping researchers get closer to
ending this disease. Ulta Beauty’s support is helping the research community  In 2019, we featured
Steph Aiello, a makeup artist, influencer and
with grants in a range of areas:
wheelchair user, in one of our advertisements.
3% The ad caught the eye of young Maren Anderson,
7%
whose mother, Carolyn, captured this photo and
posted it on Facebook along with this  caption:
14%
Tumor Biology 38%  38%  “Well Ulta, you absolutely stopped  my  girl  in  her
tracks  this  evening. It was mesmerizing to watch
Treatment 38%
her stop, turn and gaze at this poster.”
Metastasis 14%
Heredity & Ethnicity 7%
38%
Lifestyle & Prevention 3%
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 25
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT

Hometown giving
Ulta Beauty’s corporate headquarters
of Chicago, and supporting organizations
of our priorities. We’re also building partnerships
empower underserved individuals in Chicago
For the past few years, we have developed
relationships with the Chicago Area Urban
League, which works to achieve equity for
Black families and communities through
social and economic empowerment; and
Skills for Chicagoland’s Future, which
helps unemployed job-seekers re-enter
the workforce. Our support takes the form
of donations, board service, volunteer
time and even hands-on training on
topics like interview skills. We increased
our support for both of these organizations
in 2020. We have hired more than
170 Chicagoans since we formed our
partnership with Skills for Chicagoland’s
Future, and the organization named us
the 2020 Champion for the Unemployed
for our efforts to hire the underserved
and empower even more individuals to
use their talents and skills to build a
better future.

are located just outside the city
that support the area is one
with nonprofits that
and beyond.
Other Chicago-based organizations with
which Ulta Beauty supports through cash,
products, volunteerism and/or board
leadership include:
> Communities in Schools of Chicago
> After School Matters
> B ig Brothers Big Sisters of
Metropolitan Chicago
> Metropolitan Family Services
> Youth Guidance
> S tart Early (formerly known as
Ounce of Prevention)
> Step Up
We’re also proud to partner with
organizations that are helping women Standing up for justice
and girls find the beauty within. Project
Glimmer helps young women, particularly
Systemic racism, unfortunately, affects every community
women of color, grow personal confidence
we serve. Ulta Beauty has responded in meaningful ways
and build their professional networks. And
to growing calls to address racial inequities in the U.S.,
GLAM4GOOD is on a mission to create
including donating nearly $150,000 to organizations
“social change through style,” providing
focused on racial justice and equality. Read more about
makeovers and gifts to everyday heroes
how we’re championing diversity inside and outside
and people in need. Over the past year, we
our company.
have supported both of these organizations
with in-kind donations of product.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 26
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT

Comfort in an
uncertain time
With the ongoing physical, social and
of us have needed a little extra care. Ulta
we can throughout this challenging time.
Our support began early in the pandemic
with products for front-line workers. We
donated 450,000 medical gloves, as well
as products like moisturizers, sanitizers and
balms needed by health care professionals
putting in long, difficult hours, whose skin
often got chafed from personal protective
equipment. In total, we donated $1.2 million
worth of product to 25 organizations. To
further show our appreciation for health
care heroes’ tireless efforts, we offered a
half price haircut and style for health care
workers with ID during the first month
that their local Ulta Beauty store reopened.
Connecting COVID-19 relief with support
for our national partners, we began selling
a branded face mask in stores and online
to raise funds for Dress for Success®
Worldwide toward their pandemic

economic toll of COVID-19, many
Beauty has given back where
response efforts. Given the unique
challenges presented by COVID-19, we
have given all of our community partners
greater flexibility to spend planned
financial support from Ulta Beauty as
they see fit.
We also reimagined the way we care
for associates. Since 2017, the Associate
Relief Fund has provided monetary
grants to associates facing personal
hardship. We expanded the criteria for
receiving funding to include those in
need of extra assistance as a result
of COVID-19. Thanks to the generosity
of our senior management team, Board
of Directors and associates across
the company, we raised $750,000
for the fund, allowing us to support
750 associates.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 27
eennvviirroonnmmeenntt

We want to maintain the
beauty of our environment
and minimize our impact
on the world around us.
Industry leadership.
#16 among the U.S. EPA’s top Retail Green
Power Partners
Doing more with less.
An estimated 486 tons of plastic saved,
thanks to new, smaller shopping bags
Getting better all the time.
Comparable store electricity consumption
reduced by over 5 million kWh in the last
four years
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 28
ENVIRONMENT 2020 ESG REPORT

How we manage
INSIDE AN ULTA BEAUTY STORE
our footprint
Some sustainability challenges we face are uniquely tied to our
comprehensive beauty destination with salon stations in close
areas. Here are a few of the factors we consider as we manage
Ulta Beauty strives to operate in an
environmentally responsible manner. We
have been implementing sustainability
initiatives in our stores, distribution
centers and corporate offices for years.
We have a dedicated Corporate Energy &
Sustainability Team that focuses on managing
our energy use and conserving resources across
millions of square feet of real estate. The average
Ulta Beauty store is approximately 10,000 square
feet, with roughly 950 square feet devoted to
full-service salon space. Like many companies, we
face the challenge of minimizing our environmental
footprint as our business grows. As we open new
stores, increase foot traffic and expand salon
services, we incorporate efficient technology and
apply best practices for continuous improvement.

business model—a
proximity to shopping
our stores’ footprint:
FRESH INDOOR AIR
Our salons make use of a range of products,
including hairsprays, dyes and more. We run
exhaust fans continuously during business
hours to ensure safe management of any
volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that
could enter the air.
GLAM-WORTHY LIGHTING
To ensure products look their best, we
use more lighting per square foot than
most retailers. Over the past several years,
we’ve undertaken a gradual transition to
highly efficient LED lighting.
TEMPERATURE MANAGEMENT
We use state-of-the-art HVAC systems to
maintain a comfortable temperature for
guests throughout the year—taking into
account changing weather, open-concept
store designs, and guests who may have
wet hair or have removed layers for
salon treatments.
MANAGING WATER USE
Water is an essential part of many
salon services. We are committed
to using efficient practices in our
salons where feasible.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 29
ENVIRONMENT 2020 ESG REPORT

Minimizing our
on the world
Energy & emissions
Our retail stores are the focus of our energy
Up to 99% of stores make use of an energy
(EMS), which helps us actively conserve
annual operating costs.
The EMS precisely controls temperature
and ensures minimal lighting is in use
outside of retail hours. The system also
detects malfunctioning equipment before
it impacts the store environment and
wastes energy. An EMS allows Ulta Beauty
stores to participate in automated demand
response programs by shifting or reducing
electricity usage during peak periods,
helping to stabilize the electric grid. We
also utilize peak load management, or
demand-limiting, strategies to reduce
peak demand and save on utility bills.

impact
reduction efforts.
management system
energy while saving on
Since 2018, Ulta Beauty has earned
recognition as a Green Lease Leader,
a voluntary program led by the Institute
for Market Transformation and the U.S.
Department of Energy Better Buildings
Alliance that recognizes landlords and
tenants for following practices that
promote high-performance, healthy
buildings. We earned Gold status in 2020
(up from Silver in 2018), making us the
first small-box retail tenant to earn this
designation. Our green lease option
5 million*
tracks energy and water usage, requests
whole-building Energy Star scores,
kWh of electricity usage
implements energy management best
reduced since 2016
practices and accepts a cost recovery
clause for energy efficiency upgrades. Equivalent to avoiding 3,600
metric tons* of GHG emissions
*This data has not been assured.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 30
ENVIRONMENT 2020 ESG REPORT

Energy & emissions (continued)
Bright solutions
Lighting is an important part of the Ulta
Beauty experience. We use lights to
showcase our products and to enable
our salon stylists to provide the best
possible service to guests. Since 2015,
we have used LED lighting in new-store
construction and remodels to showcase
All Things Beauty for our guests. LEDs
use 54% less energy than the fixtures
they replaced. We also use 100% LED
lighting at our corporate headquarters
in Bolingbrook, Illinois.
Balancing comfort and efficiency
High-efficiency HVAC systems are critical
to providing a consistent environment
to accommodate the range of shopping
and experiences that typically happen
in-store. All new stores are equipped
with HVAC units that exceed industry
efficiency standards, and we identify
opportunities for early retirement of aging
and inefficient equipment at existing
stores on an annual basis. We were
recognized with the 2017 Advanced
RTU Campaign Award by the U.S.
Department of Energy for having the
highest percentage of our portfolio
upgraded with high-efficiency RTU
installations in a four-year period.

Supporting clean energy
Ulta Beauty is a proud user of renewable
energy, purchasing more than 22,000
megawatt-hours of wind energy through
renewable energy credits in 2019. This
represented 7% of our total company
annual electricity usage, more than
double our purchases in 2018.
These efforts have earned us recognition
as a Green Power Partner by the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
The Green Power Partnership is a voluntary
program that encourages organizations to
use green power as a way to reduce the
environmental impacts associated with
conventional electricity use. We ranked
#16 among the EPA’s Top 30 Retail Partners
in 2020, three spots up from our 2019
ranking. Ulta Beauty continues to explore
additional renewable energy opportunities
to strengthen our overall portfolio.
Beauty on the move
Reducing the overall energy and
emissions impact of our business goes
beyond what happens in our stores.
We are beginning to explore ways to
decrease the impact of transporting
products among our distribution centers,
fast fulfillment centers and retail stores.
Solutions could include consolidating
deliveries into fewer shipments and
sourcing our transportation needs
from sustainable carriers.

ENERGY CONSUMPTION FY19 ENERGY CONSUMPTION
FY16-FY19 GRID VS. RENEWABLE
Comp Store* Net kWh Reduction in Millions As of October 31, 2020
3.1
2.8 7%
fiflff4-
fiflffffi-
1.7
↑ffⓊⓊ-
0.9
fiⓊffffi- 93%
Grid 93%
FY16 FY19
Renewable 7%
Total: 5,176,181
FY18 SCOPE 1, 2 AND 3 FY18 ENERGY CONSUMPTION
(LIMITED) EMISSIONS** GRID VS. RENEWABLE
tCO2e
3.7% 4.7% 3%
91.6%
97%
Direct Emissions (Scope 1): 7,385.9 Grid 97%
Indirect Emissions (Scope 2): 143,618.8 Renewable 3%
Indirect Other Emissions (Scope 3): 5,809.2
*E lectricity consumption in comparable stores. This compares annual electricity consumption
against the same store’s prior performance (i.e., increased consumption from additional store
openings is removed from this comparison).
**F or 2018, we completed our first emissions report covering Scope 1, 2, and limited Scope 3
categories. This data is not assured. 2019 emissions reporting is not yet complete at this time
but will expand to all relevant Scope 3 categories.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 31
ENVIRONMENT 2020 ESG REPORT
Maintaining the beauty of
reasons, cannot be sold and must be  of the Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™
our environment  disposed.  Certain products are considered   program,  we  continue to evaluate other
hazardous  waste, due to the possibility   environmentally  friendly bag options,
of chemicals mixing and potentially  such as a reusable bag. Other future
Water &  waste
creating a harmful substance. Ulta  improvements may include transitioning
Beauty complies with all local, state   to more sustainable and recyclable
and federal environmental laws for  packaging for e-commerce orders.
the responsible management of these
materials. Items that are regulated as
We are continually improving and looking for new ways to reduce  hazardous waste are not sent to a   TONS OF WASTE DIVERTED
our impact as our business grows. This includes recognizing our    landfill. In 2019, stores and distribution   FROM LANDFILL
centers diverted 1,649,466 pounds  of  Thousands
responsibility to conserve water and minimize waste where possible.
hazardous waste from landfills.
17.7
We’ve decreased our demand for   14.4
Making water go further   allows them to recycle certain types of
materials—and by extension, the waste  11.6
While retailing is generally not a water- plastic.  We estimate that about 40%
we generate—by reducing the size of
intensive business, our demand for water   of  our  waste is diverted for recycling,
our  plastic shopping bags, leading to an
has increased in recent years as our   and in 2018, our stores and distribution
estimated avoidance of 486 tons of
salon services have grown. We continue  centers recycled more than 13,200 tons
plastic across our system. As of early
to seek out ways to manage our stores’  of cardboard and plastic shrink wrap.
2020, 76 of our stores use only paper
footprint, such as by installing efficient  A unique waste stream we must manage
bags due to local regulations. Given the
motion-activated toilets and bathroom  is beauty products that, for a variety of  2018  2020
focus on Sustainable Packaging as part  YTD
sinks. Ulta Beauty also engages a vendor
that proactively identifies potential
leaks or malfunctioning equipment by
comparing water consumption year
over year, enabling us to identify issues  The Ulta Beauty Green Group
and make repairs more quickly.
Sending less to landfill   Our associates are passionate about much more than beauty. The Ulta
All Ulta Beauty stores have the ability  Beauty Green Group is an opportunity for corporate associate volunteers
to dispose general waste and recycle  to connect and help us all be better environmental stewards across our
cardboard. While plastic recycling  stores, distribution centers and the corporate office. Initiatives the group
capabilities vary across the country,  has  undertaken  include  replacing disposable coffee cups with reusable mugs
110 stores are currently participating  in offices, hosting electronics recycling drives, encouraging paperless work
in a single-stream recycling pilot that  practices, improving recycling systems and sharing monthly tips with
fellow associates about how to live more sustainably.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 32
ffSASBfi INDEX 2020 ESG REPORT
Sustainability Accounting

Standards Board (SASB) Index
Below is Ulta Beauty’s response to the SASB Index, an industry-specific reporting framework that allows investors to more easily compare ESG performance across
industry peers. Ulta Beauty reports under the Multiline and Specialty Retailers & Distributors industry, Consumer Goods sector. Responses in the far-right column of
this table indicate where you can find more information about each of these topics.
ACCOUNTING METRICS  METRIC  CATEGORY  UNIT OF MEASURE  CODE  RESPONSE/COMMENT

(1) Total energy consumed,   (1) Environment/Minimizing our impact on
ENERGY MANAGEMENT IN  (2) percentage grid electricity,   Quantitative  Gigajoules (GJ),  CG-MR-130a.1  the world/Energy Consumption FY16-FY19
RETAIL &  DISTRIBUTION  Percentage (%)
(3) percentage renewable  (2) 93%
(3) 7%
Description of approach to
Discussion
identifying and addressing data  n/a  CG-MR-230a.1  Introduction/Data stewardship
and analysis
security risks
DATA SECURITY  (1) Number of data breaches,
(2) percentage involving   Ulta Beauty experienced no data breaches in
Number,
personally identifiable   Quantitative  CG-MR-230a.2  the past year and has not had a data breach
Percentage (%)
information (PII),    since the company’s founding in 1990.
(3) number of customers affected
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 33
ffSASBfi INDEX 2020 ESG REPORT
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB) Index
ACCOUNTING METRICS  METRIC  CATEGORY  UNIT OF MEASURE  CODE  RESPONSE/COMMENT
(1) The median hourly wage of in-store,
full-time regular employees (excluding
seasonal, temporary and commissioned
employees as determined by employment
class) as of December 2, 2020 was $18.42.
(2) Percentage of in-store employees
earning minimum wage, by region
(1) Average hourly wage and
Reporting currency,
(2) percentage of in-store  Quantitative  CG-MR-310a.1  Total % Above Min.  Total % at Min.
Percentage (%)
Region  Wage within Region  Wage within Region
employees earning minimum
California  85.0  15.0
wage, by region
Central East  91.5  8.5
Central West  92.2  7.8
Mid East  96.8  3.2
MidAtlantic  96.4  3.6
Northeast  80.4  19.6
LABOR PRACTICES  Pacific Northwest  84.8  15.2
South  94.7  5.3
Southwest  94.2  5.8
Full-time regular employees (excluding
seasonal, temporary and commissioned
(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary  employees as determined by employment
turnover rate for in-store  Quantitative  Rate  CG-MR-310a.2  class) as of December 2, 2020
employees
Annualized Turnover—All Types: 29.2%
Annualized Turnover—Voluntary: 25.0%
Total amount of monetary  No material monetary losses have resulted
losses as a result of legal  Quantitative  Reporting currency  CG-MR-310a.3  from legal proceedings associated with labor
proceedings associated with  law violations in 2019 or 2020.
labor law violations
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 34
ffSASBfi INDEX 2020 ESG REPORT
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB) Index
ACCOUNTING METRICS  METRIC  CATEGORY  UNIT OF MEASURE  CODE  RESPONSE/COMMENT

(1) Management
Directors:
82% White
18% Black
55% Women
45% Men
Percentage of gender and    Executive Team:
racial/ethnic group representation   50% Women
Quantitative  Percentage (%)  CG-MR-330a.1
for (1) management and (2) all   50% Men
other employees
WORKFORCE DIVERSITY   Ulta Leadership:
& INCLUSION  64% Women
36% Men
18% People of Color
(2) All other employees
Ulta Associates:
92% Women
8% Men
Total amount of monetary
No material monetary losses have resulted
losses as a result of legal
Quantitative  Reporting currency  CG-MR-330a.2  from legal proceedings associated with
proceedings associated with
employment discrimination in 2019 or 2020.
employment discrimination
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 35
ffSASBfi INDEX 2020 ESG REPORT

Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB) Index
ACCOUNTING METRICS METRIC CATEGORY UNIT OF MEASURE CODE
Revenue from products third-
party certified to environmental
Quantitative Reporting currency CG-MR-410a.1
and/or social sustainability
standards
PRODUCT SOURCING, Discussion of processes to
assess and manage risks and/ Discussion
PACKAGING & MARKETING n/a CG-MR-410a.2
or hazards associated with and analysis
chemicals in products
Discussion of strategies to
reduce the environmental Discussion
n/a CG-MR-410a.3
impact of packaging and Analysis
ACTIVITY METRIC
Number of: (1) retail locations
Quantitative Number CG-MR-000.A
and (2) distribution centers
Total area of: (1) retail space and
Quantitative Square meters (m2) CG-MR-000.B
(2) distribution centers

RESPONSE/COMMENT
Data unavailable for 2019 and 2020. We
are evaluating potential disclosure on this
topic in the future.
We train associates who handle hazardous
materials so they can do so safely and in
compliance with applicable laws, rules
and regulations.
Products/Introducing Conscious
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™, Our
sustainable packaging commitment
(1) 1,262 stores
(2) 6 distribution centers
(1) 13,193,076 square feet
(2) 3,000,000 square feet

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 36
APPENDIX  2020 ESG REPORT
Appendix
THE PERCENTAGE OF EACH GENDER CATEGORY FOR U.S. OPERATIONS
U.S. Operations, Regular Employees by Gender
(less seasonal and temporary employees) as of Dec 2, 2020
GENDER  COUNT  PERCENTGE
Female  28,635  94.0%
Male  1,823  6.0%
Unknown  2  0.0%
Grand Total  30,460  100.0%
STANDARD EEO-1 RACIAL AND ETHNIC GROUP CATEGORIES FOR U.S. OPERATIONS FOR MANAGEMENT
U.S. Operations, Regular Managerial Employees by Ethnicity & Gender
(less seasonal and temporary employees) as of Dec 2, 2020
ETHNICITY  FEMALE  MALE  UNKNOWN  TOTAL
Count  Percentage  Count  Percentage  Count  Percentage  Count  Percentage
American Indian/Alaskan Native  44  0.7%  1  0.02%    45  0.7%
Asian  127  1.9%  12  0.2%    139  2.1%
Black or African American  458  6.9%  32  0.5%    490  7.4%
Hispanic or Latino  1,305  19.7%  117  1.8%    1,422  21.5%
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Island  23  0.3%  3  0.05%    26  0.4%
Two or More Races  218  3.3%  16  0.2%    234  3.5%
White  3,960  59.8%  268  4.0%  4,228  63.9%
Unknown  2  0.03%  2  0.03%  4  0.1%
I do not wish to provide  26  0.4%  5  0.1%    31  0.5%
Grand Total  6,163  93.1%  454  6.9%  2  0.03%  6,619  100.0%
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 37
APPENDIX  2020 ESG REPORT
Appendix
STANDARD EEO-1 RACIAL AND ETHNIC GROUP CATEGORIES FOR U.S. OPERATIONS FOR NON-MANAGEMENT
U.S. Operations, Regular Non-Managerial Employees by Ethnicity & Gender
(less seasonal and temporary employees) as of Dec 2, 2020
ETHNICITY  FEMALE  MALE  TOTAL
Count  Percentage  Count  Percentage  Count  Percentage
American Indian/Alaskan Native  177  0.7%  11  0.05%  188  0.8%
Asian  685  2.9%  45  0.2%  730  3.1%
Black or African American  2,316  9.7%  122  0.5%  2,438  10.2%
Hispanic or Latino  6,238  26.2%  469  2.0%  6,707  28.1%
Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Island  84  0.4%  11  0.05%  95  0.4%
Two or More Races  952  4.0%  62  0.3%  1,014  4.3%
White  11,928  50.0%  645  2.7%  12,573  52.7%
Unknown  11  0.05%  11  0.05%
I do not wish to provide  81  0.3%  4  0.02%  85  0.4%
Grand Total  22,472  94.3%  1,369  5.7%  23,841  100.0%
tthhee    ppoossssiibbiilliittiieess  aarree  bbeeaauuttiiffuull..ffiffi 38
Thank you for your interest in Ulta Beauty.
If you have any questions about this report,
please contact our General Counsel, Chief
Compliance Officer & Corporate Secretary,
Jodi Caro, at jcaro@ulta.com