and, this past
year, COVID-19 safety practices.
The Ulta Beauty work experience is
challenging, rewarding and fun. Associates
have the opportunity to build individual
development plans to help them work
toward career goals, and to use a learning
management system that houses training
on role-specific skills, interpersonal skills
and more. In 2020, even more training
was delivered virtually, which had the

unexpected benefit of allowing us to
reach more associates than ever before.
Our leadership development programs
prepare promising future leaders for
new levels of responsibility. Each year,
we organize a training program that
focuses on high-potential talent at the
director level and above. In 2019, we
rolled out a new program through which
officers mentor high-potential directors,
with a specific focus on diverse talent.
Across the company, the majority of our
promotions are internal. As we continue
to promote and develop from within,
we’re building a bench of associates
and leaders who know our company
inside and out.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 11
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT
Changing how the world
ULTA BEAUTY ASSOCIATES
sees beauty
8%
Diversity &  Inclusion
Women 92%  92%
Men 8%
As a leader in the beauty industry, we have a responsibility
to shape how the world sees and experiences beauty. Beauty
can be fun, approachable and empowering, and we’re
committed to using the power of beauty to create a more
inclusive world.
EXECUTIVE TEAM
While diversity and inclusion (D&I) have  head  of the table. We know we have
always been part of Ulta Beauty’s DNA,  an opportunity to increase representation
these beliefs informed purposeful work  of people of color across Ulta Beauty,   Women 50%
50%  50%
on our formal D&I program, which began  particularly in leadership positions.   provided associates with an opportunity  Men 50%
in 2018. The program’s goal is to create  Together, we’re building a workforce that   to learn about and explore ways to mitigate
an inclusive environment where every  reflects the available talent where we   unconscious bias in their everyday lives.
associate feels they can fully contribute  work, live and do business and one that   In