William Kaelin, who works to rapidly apply
knowledge gained from studying other cancers to the treatment of breast
cancer. This work earned him the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
There are so many angles from which we’re helping researchers get closer to
ending this disease. Ulta Beauty’s support is helping the research community  In 2019, we featured
Steph Aiello, a makeup artist, influencer and
with grants in a range of areas:
wheelchair user, in one of our advertisements.
3% The ad caught the eye of young Maren Anderson,
7%
whose mother, Carolyn, captured this photo and
posted it on Facebook along with this  caption:
14%
Tumor Biology 38%  38%  “Well Ulta, you absolutely stopped  my  girl  in  her
tracks  this  evening. It was mesmerizing to watch
Treatment 38%
her stop, turn and gaze at this poster.”
Metastasis 14%
Heredity & Ethnicity 7%
38%
Lifestyle & Prevention 3%
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 25
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT

Hometown giving
Ulta Beauty’s corporate headquarters
of Chicago, and supporting organizations
of our priorities. We’re also building partnerships
empower underserved individuals in Chicago
For the past few years, we have developed
relationships with the Chicago Area Urban
League, which works to achieve equity for
Black families and communities through
social and economic empowerment; and
Skills for Chicagoland’s Future, which
helps unemployed job-seekers re-enter
the workforce. Our support takes the form
of donations, board service, volunteer
time and even hands-on training on
topics like interview skills. We increased
our support for both of these organizations
in 2020. We have hired more than
170 Chicagoans since we formed our
partnership with Skills for Chicagoland’s
Future, and the organization named us
the 2020 Champion for the Unemployed
for our efforts to hire the underserved
and empower even more individuals to
use their talents and skills to build a
better future.

are located just outside the city
that support the area is one
with nonprofits that
and beyond.
Other Chicago-based organizations with
which Ulta Beauty supports through cash,
products, volunteerism and/or board
leaders