Board oversight
We empower guests to make informed choices about
the products we offer  Ulta Beauty’s Board of Directors and  the Audit Committee oversees issues of
Executive Team have overall oversight  cybersecurity and data privacy.
and accountability for sustainability
within the organization. The Board has  Our General Counsel is the executive
COMMUNITY  three committees—Nominating &   sponsor of our ESG program and works
Corporate Governance, Compensation  with a cross-functional team of experts,
We improve the lives of women and families
in our communities  and Audit—each of which touches ESG  including representatives from human
issues in its own way. The Nominating &   resources, growth and development,
Corporate Governance Committee has  supply chain, merchandising and store
primary responsibility for our ESG policies   operations, who drive ESG strategy
ENVIRONMENT  and practices, as well as associated risks.  across the four pillars. In addition, we
Our Compensation Committee has   have many associates who are passionate
We want to maintain the beauty of our environment
and minimize our impact on the world around us  oversight of diversity and inclusion, and  about ESG topics.
tthhee    ppoossssiibbiilliittiieess  aarree  bbeeaauuttiiffuull..ffi™  5
INTRODUCTION 2020 ESG REPORT
Corporate governance
Strong corporate governance allows us to deliver value for
shareholders. We do this with a diverse and engaged Board
of Directors and leadership team who contribute a variety
of experiences and perspectives.
DIRECTORS BY RACE
Our Board is composed of independent  regular management updates on our
7.3 years
directors who bring a wide variety of  business operations, financial results
18%
expertise and leadership to help guide  and strategy. The Board then discusses  directors’ average
our CEO, who is also a director, and   and provides guidance with respect   White 82%  82%  tenure
our management team.  to risks related to those topics. Since
Black 18%
relaunching an enhanced enterprise risk
62 years