2017
two more national partners, Save the
education and emergency
Children® and Dress for Success®
$5.5 million   22,000+
response programs
Worldwide, who we support each year  OUR IMPACT
with monetary and in-kind donations,  raised in 2019, supporting  $1.2 million   women impacted in
board leadership and volunteer service.   110,000 research hours for  35 U.S. cities
UBCF has its own board made up of  25 researchers  raised in two weeks in 2020,
Ulta Beauty executives who help set  impacting 750,000 kids
policy and direction for the Foundation.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 24
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT
The power to improve lives (continued)
Wherever possible, we engage associates and guests in programs for giving back.
During a typical year, associates will donate their time and talents to, for example,
create hair and makeup styles for women looking to find employment or undergoing
treatment for breast cancer, organize donation drives or participate in fundraising
races. Meanwhile, guests can make contributions to our national partners at the
register or online, and participate in Cut for a Cause®, where the cost of a service is
donated to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation®. Due to COVID-19, many of these
in-person events have been temporarily suspended, and, as a result, we have shifted
to focus on matching gifts for associates and reaching guests and our nonprofit
partners’ clients online.
In late 2020, we organized Beauty on the Move, a virtual fitness event benefiting
BCRF® and open to all associates. Associates pledged to get moving by running,
walking, swimming or biking, and raised funds through donations from family and
friends. More than 450 associates took part in the event and collectively raised
nearly $110,000 for BCRF®.
funding research that matters
While we review our BCRF® funding portfolio annually, we try to fund projects
and investigators whom we can support in growing their research programs over
time. One of our grantees is Dr. William Kaelin, who works to rapidly apply
knowledge gained from studying other cancers to the treatment of breast
cancer. This work earned him the 2019 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
There are so many angles from which we’re