provided to all suppliers. This document
and at ulta.com, you’ll find more than  outlines our expectations for ethical
25,000 products across all categories  business conduct, worker safety,
and price points, including our private  environmental protection and product
label, Ulta Beauty Collection®.  standards. Our supplier relations team
onboards new brands and vendors, using
webinars and other tools to educate
Product stewardship  Our products and services
them on how to succeed with us. This
level of engagement allows us to work
Our breadth of products is made possible
successfully with beauty brands that    PRODUCTS   SALON SERVICES
by more than 500 brand partnerships.
have well-established supply chain   >  Cosmetics   >  H  air cut, color, treatment
We work closely with these partners
infrastructures, as well as up-and-coming   >  Fragrance  and styling
to understand, not just their products,
brands that may need extra guidance.   >  Haircare  >  Lash applications
but also their businesses, so that we
>  Skincare  >  Makeup
can curate an assortment that meets
>  Bath and body products  >  Brow and wax services
the needs of our guests and helps
>  Salon styling tools
brand partners succeed.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 17
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT

All Things Beauty. All In One Place.® (continued)
Ulta Beauty Collection®
Beyond our brand partners’ products, we’re
proud to offer the Ulta Beauty Collection®,
our private label. This collection offers
essential products in key categories such
as cosmetics, skincare and bath. We
market the collection in an engaging and
approachable way to connect with our
guests and help strengthen their perception
of Ulta Beauty as a contemporary beauty
destination and authority on all things
beauty. These on-trend products appeal
to guests of all ages, particularly those
who may not be beauty experts but are
looking for high-quality products for
everyday use.
We manage the full development cycle
of these products in partnership with a
network of approximately 60 suppliers
worldwide. The process begins with
product briefs that we develop based on
our research into emerging trends and
guests’ needs. We present a product brief
to a vendor, who then develops