In addition, factory visits and third-party
audits are conducted to evaluate work
practices as appropriate. Ulta Beauty
Collection® is currently a part of the Clean
Ingredients and Cruelty Free pillars within
the Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™
program, with goals of being added to
the Sustainable Packaging pillar by 2025
(learn more about Conscious Beauty at
Ulta Beauty™.)

helping guests shop safely in unprecedented times
To create safer shopping environments in stores following the outbreak of
COVID-19, we followed government and health guidance and were recognized
for our industry leadership in keeping guests safe.
In addition, we allowed guests to make purchases online for in-store pickup
and curbside pickup as a contactless and convenient option for guests to meet
their beauty needs. As a result of these and other practices, Ulta Beauty was
named one of the top retailers in NAPCO Research’s new report, Retailer
Readiness: COVID-19 In-Store Safety Index.
We collaborated with the Retail Industry Leaders Association (RILA) to share
best practices across the industry. The resulting practices are known as our
Shop Safe Standards, and include:
Mandatory face coverings Suspension of
for associates and guests product testers
Visual cues to reinforce Increased protocols for
social distancing cleaning and disinfecting
Added safety measures Daily wellness checks
for salon services for associates
Hand sanitizer throughout
the store

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 18
PPRROODDUUCCTT  2020 ESG REPORT
A clean beauty evolution
Today’s consumers are more interested than ever in choosing products
that will support their overall health and wellness. They are also paying
attention to the connection between their personal well-being and the
well-being of workers, animals, communities and the environment.
And they are increasingly supporting brands whose actions align
with their own values.
In the beauty space, this translates  As the premier destination for all things
into a desire for “clean beauty,” which  beauty, Ulta Beauty is stepping into
can refer to products that have fewer  this  opportunity. We have long offered
ingredients and are free from potentially  products that incorporate clean
harmful substances. While there is clear  ingredients, ethical practices and
consumer demand for cleaner products,  environmental benefits. Now, we are
there is no broadly agreed-upon  creating a holistic solution that will