COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT
The power to
improve lives
MEET OUR NATIONAL PARTNERS
We strive to make a positive
difference in the communities
®
where we live and work. That’s
why, in 2016, we created the Ulta
PARTNER  SINCE 2009  PARTNER  SINCE 2016  PARTNER  SINCE 2017
Beauty Charitable Foundation
Works to prevent and cure breast  Works to give vulnerable children   Empowers women to achieve
(UBCF) to enhance the well-
cancer by supporting clinical and  in the U.S. and around the world  economic independence by
being and education of women  WHAT THEY DO  translational research at medical  a healthy start in life and the  providing a network of support,
and families. Women make up  institutions across the world.  opportunity to learn.  professional attire and the tools
to help them thrive in work and
the majority of our guests and
in life.
our associates, and our donations
help women across the country
Our donations fund the work of  We implement a program once a  UBCF provides Dress for Success®
live to their fullest potential.
a diverse group of researchers.  year at the in-store point of sale.  Worldwide with financial support,
This support covers the entire  Associates also wore red in 2020  products and associate volunteer
spectrum of breast cancer  to raise awareness with guests,  time. We adjusted to provide
HOW WE HELP
Our philanthropic efforts began in  research—from understanding  and associates had the opportu- services virtually in 2020.
2009, when we began our partnership  metastatic disease to identifying  nity to write letters to children in
with the Breast Cancer Research  new targets and treatments.  vulnerable communities.
Foundation. Since then, we have
broadened our focus to support other
organizations that help women and  $37 million+  $2.3 million   $500,000
families thrive. We have since added
raised since 2009  raised since 2016 for   donated since 2017
two more national partners, Save the
education and emergency
Children® and Dress for Success®
$5.5 million   22,000+
response programs
Worldwide, who we support each year  OUR IMPACT