ENVIRONMENT 2020 ESG REPORT

How we manage
INSIDE AN ULTA BEAUTY STORE
our footprint
Some sustainability challenges we face are uniquely tied to our
comprehensive beauty destination with salon stations in close
areas. Here are a few of the factors we consider as we manage
Ulta Beauty strives to operate in an
environmentally responsible manner. We
have been implementing sustainability
initiatives in our stores, distribution
centers and corporate offices for years.
We have a dedicated Corporate Energy &
Sustainability Team that focuses on managing
our energy use and conserving resources across
millions of square feet of real estate. The average
Ulta Beauty store is approximately 10,000 square
feet, with roughly 950 square feet devoted to
full-service salon space. Like many companies, we
face the challenge of minimizing our environmental
footprint as our business grows. As we open new
stores, increase foot traffic and expand salon
services, we incorporate efficient technology and
apply best practices for continuous improvement.

business model—a
proximity to shopping
our stores’ footprint:
FRESH INDOOR AIR
Our salons make use of a range of products,
including hairsprays, dyes and more. We run
exhaust fans continuously during business
hours to ensure safe management of any
volatile organic compounds (VOCs) that
could enter the air.
GLAM-WORTHY LIGHTING
To ensure products look their best, we
use more lighting per square foot than
most retailers. Over the past several years,
we’ve undertaken a gradual transition to
highly efficient LED lighting.
TEMPERATURE MANAGEMENT
We use state-of-the-art HVAC systems to
maintain a comfortable temperature for
guests throughout the year—taking into
account changing weather, open-concept
store designs, and guests who may have
wet hair or have removed layers for
salon treatments.
MANAGING WATER USE
Water is an essential part of many
salon services. We are committed
to using efficient practices in our
salons where feasible.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 29
ENVIRONMENT 2020 ESG REPORT

Minimizing our
on the world