groups lead our
efforts to create more diverse and inclusive
recruiting and development practices,
D&I recognition
in-store experiences and external
partnerships. Next, we are localizing
this work, incorporating D&I Councils > Forbes 2019 Best Employers for Diversity
at stores and distribution centers. > Forbes 2019 Best Employers for Women
> Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Diversity
> Forbes 2020 Best Employers for Women
> Diversity Inc. Noteworthy Companies for Diversity

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 14
PPEEOOPPLLEE  2020 ESG REPORT
Taking care of each other
Safety, wellness & benefits
Our commitment to our associates and their well-being—inside and
outside of work—is one of our highest priorities. Ulta Beauty has
carefully assembled a suite of benefits that affirms and supports
all that our associates contribute each and every day.
Well-being begins with health care for all eligible associates, which includes those who
work more than 30 hours a week for Ulta Beauty in any position. Coverage extends
to eligible dependents, including spouses, same-sex partners and children under 26.
These and other benefits helped ease
Our healthcare plans are above market for retailers and other service industry companies.
some of the hardships created by
Our medical plans provide above-average levels of health care coverage, with less cost
COVID-19. The Ulta Beauty Charitable
share placed on associates, compared to many other retailers. We offer comprehensive
Foundation maintains an Associate Relief
medical plans that empower employees to choose the coverage that best suits them.
Program through which we provide
Other key benefits include:
grants to associates facing unforeseen
financial setbacks. For associates who
>  4 01(k) plan with up to a 4% company match
care for children who are learning from
>  Disability and life insurance
home, due to the COVID-19 pandemic,
>  C  ompany-paid short-term disability pay at 80% of pay
we also provided access to discounts for
>  A  dditional insurance options, including legal, pet, home and auto
online educational resources.
bundles of joy
>  Tuition reimbursement program
>  P aid time off, including an extended illness bank
Across all locations, associates receive
>  D  iscounts on retail products and salon services