Foundation matched associate
equality. The program ran for two * Leadership is defined as director and above.
YWCA® USA, Chicago Area

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 13
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT

Diversity & Inclusion (continued)
standards of beauty. Ulta Beauty’s goal
is to respect and represent every guest
through our words and our actions.
Services training is one way we’re putting
our commitments into action. In 2021, we
plan to equip all stylists with foundational
technical skills to support future plans
in certifying our stylists in the art
of textured hair. Externally, we are
enhancing our multicultural marketing
and communications strategies, such as
amplifying BIPOC (or Black, Indigenous
and people of color)-owned brands,
founders, creatives and artists.
In addition, we aim to ensure that all
in-store experiences are equitable,
fair and unbiased. We’re taking action
to support this goal by conducting
mandatory trainings for in-store
associates and providing weekly bite-
sized learning opportunities to focus
on guest perspectives and reinforce
key takeaways. We are offering similar
training across the organization to help
key decision-makers and associates in
their own learning journeys and support
our Champion Diversity value and
inclusion competency.

Exploring the possibilities
We can’t do it all on our own. Ulta Beauty
aspires to be recognized as a D&I leader
both inside and outside the retail industry,
and is engaging with communities and
external partners to scale up our impact.
We’re increasing our investments in
organizations focused on addressing
inequality and creating opportunity, such
as YWCA®’s Until Justice campaign as a
founding member of the Racial Justice
League. Other opportunities we’re
exploring include increasing our spend
with diverse suppliers and forming
partnerships with influencers and brands
who share our mission and values.
This work is a journey, and we have a
plan to hold ourselves accountable. Our
D&I program is supported by a strong
governance structure that keeps our work
moving forward. Working groups lead our
efforts to create more diverse and inclusive
recruiting and development practices,
D&I recognition
in-store experiences and external
partnerships. Next, we are localizing
this work, incorporating D&I Councils