Board diversity  management (ERM) program in 2016, we
One of the things that makes the    have successfully raised and improved
directors’ average age
Ulta Beauty Board of Directors uniquely   risk awareness across the organization.
effective is its diversity, particularly gender
diversity—55% of our Board members   In addition to sharing ERM results with
are women. We are also proud to  have   our Board and leadership, we also share  DIRECTORS BY GENDER
Learn more about our
Board members who are racially diverse   feedback with participating associates,
and one member who identifies as   who appreciate knowing their input is  b usiness and governance:
LGBTQ+. Regular refreshment of our   making a difference. We take a practical  >  Overview for Investors
Board helps us incorporate new ideas and   approach that incorporates the input of  >  Board of Directors listing
perspectives, and 36% of our directors  associates at all levels of the company,  Women 55%  55%  >  Board Committee composition
Men 45%  45%
joined the Board within the last five years.   with special emphasis on the in-store and   >  Governance documents
distribution center associates who know  >  Investor FAQs
Risk management  our guests and operations best. Through
Our Board provides guidance and   this process, we engage approximately
oversight on risk management activities  150 associates per year. We are increasingly
and processes across the company. To  using technology to improve our approach,
ensure understanding of the risks we  such as facilitating live voting and real-time
face as an enterprise, the Board receives  data analysis of results.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 6
INTRODUCTION 2020 ESG REPORT

Data stewardship
We value our guests and associates and
treat their information and other financial
We manage data security and privacy at
the highest levels. Our Board of Directors
has always actively engaged in oversight of
cybersecurity, and we recently highlighted
this formal oversight role in the charter
of our Audit Committee. Our CEO keeps
the Board informed on a wide variety of
cybersecurity and privacy matters via
monthly reporting, regular reports in
the Audit Committee and full Board
discussions throughout the year.
Ulta Beauty’s General Counsel also serves
as our Chief Privacy Officer, and works
closely with