stores and   development, packaging sustainability,
on ulta.com in October 2020, with more  trends and insights. This forum of
than 200 certified brands. We celebrated  leading beauty brands and experts
and began to educate guests, influencers  will collectively evolve Conscious
and the press with virtual events and in- Beauty at Ulta Beauty™.
store endcaps made with sustainable and
recyclable materials. Training for in-store
associates will allow them to help guests
make informed choices about clean
beauty products.   the beauty of giving back
Brands that do good deserve a special spotlight. That’s the purpose of
our Positive Impact pillar, which many of our brand partners, including
Kreyòl Essence, embody perfectly. The Kreyòl Essence team began
working with Haitian farmers and cooperatives in 2014 to plant 100,000
castor trees, which help reduce deforestation, soil erosion and
greenhouse gases. Kreyòl Essence has a goal of supporting 30,000
families in the next five years and cultivating over 1,000 hectares of land.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 21
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT

Our sustainable
packaging commitment
Sending less to the landfill means good
to Zero Waste Week, the global cosmetics
units of packaging annually. Much of that
majority of it is not recycled. That’s why
pillar of Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™.
To qualify for our Sustainable Packaging
pillar, at least 50% of a brand’s product
packaging must be made from recycled
or biosourced materials or be recyclable
or refillable. To date, more than 90 brands
have already qualified. These leaders
will help us meet our goal of 50% of
owned and non-owned brand packaging
being made from recycled or biosourced
materials, recyclable or refillable by
2025. This goal aligns with targets being
set by other brands and retailers, and has
the potential to make a major impact on
our industry’s waste challenge. Several
key partnerships and memberships will
allow us to amplify our Sustainable
Packaging work:
Loop
Loop, a reusable packaging pioneer
owned by TerraCycle®, eliminates waste
by delivering consumer products in

things for the planet. According
industry produces 120 billion
packaging is plastic, and the