and auto
online educational resources.
bundles of joy
>  Tuition reimbursement program
>  P aid time off, including an extended illness bank
Across all locations, associates receive
>  D  iscounts on retail products and salon services
instruction on how to keep themselves  The Ulta Beauty family is always growing.
and guests safe. Many associates receive   At any given time across our workforce, we
And because wellness, like beauty, is more than skin deep, we offer mental
training that is specific to their roles—for   typically have about 250 associates who
health resources, such as counseling services and access to apps; financial
example, salon professionals are trained  are expecting a child. We help associates
wellness planning and guidance; and health apps and educational resources
in the safe handling of chemicals.  celebrate and prepare for this joyful
for soon-to-be parents.
milestone with information and resources.
We also offer adoption assistance for
associates seeking to grow their families
by adopting a child.
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 15
pprroodduucctt

We empower guests to
make informed choices
about the products we offer.
Limitless assortment.
25,000+ SKUs across 500+ brands
The power of choice.
Transparent information about product
ingredients—so guests can choose
what’s right for them
A clean-beauty destination.
200+ brands certified by the Conscious
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ platform
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 16
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT
All Things Beauty.
All In One Place.®
We have been visionaries since day one. When Ulta Beauty was
founded in 1990, prestige, mass and salon beauty products were sold
through distinct channels. There was no single place that beauty lovers
could go to meet all of their needs. We envisioned a new specialty re-
tail concept that brought together a wide range of products, styles and
price points: offering All Things Beauty. All in One Place®.
Today, our assortment continues to reflect   A copy of our Ulta Vendor Standards is
the diversity of our guests. At our stores  provided to all suppliers. This document
and at ulta.com, you’ll find more than  outlines our expectations for ethical
25,000 products across all categories  business conduct, worker safety,
and price points, including our private  environmental