SUSTAINABLE PACKAGING
Product packaging is one of
the most tangible and obvious
aspects of Conscious Beauty
at Ulta Beauty™ for guests. At
l e a s t 5 0 % o f th e p a c k a g in g
f r o m c e r t i fi e d b r a n d s m u s t
b e m a d e f r o m r e c y c l e d o r
biosourced materials or be
recyclable or refillable.
POSITIVE IMPACT
Beauty brands give back in so
many ways, and we will use
this pillar to highlight brands
whose philanthropic efforts
are critical to their DNA.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 20
PRODUCT 2020 ESG REPORT
A clean beauty evolution (continued)
How we bring Conscious  Partnership
Strong partnerships through Conscious
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ to life
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ will allow us to
evolve the program with leading experts
Certification  across the space. In tandem with the
Brands are certified to the Conscious   Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™
Beauty at Ulta Beauty™ pillars through an   launch, we are collaborating with clean
online portal powered by ClearForMe,  beauty pioneer Credo® to introduce the
our strategic partner. ClearForMe is a  Credo Collection at Ulta Beauty. This
leader in the clean beauty space that  curated collection will feature a rotation
manages the most comprehensive   of clean beauty brands, available in
ingredient database on the market,   select stores and online, that will allow
and will both onboard brands into the  us to continuously introduce customers
Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™  to new brands.
program and support us in bringing
ingredient transparency to life for our   Conscious Beauty Advisory Council
guests. To date, over 200 brands have   We are also planning and expect to
been  certified in one or more pillars.  convene a Conscious Beauty Advisory
Council made up of a diverse set of
Education  leaders at the forefront of product
The program launched in stores and   development, packaging sustainability,
on ulta.com in October 2020, with more  trends and insights. This forum of
than 200 certified brands. We celebrated  leading beauty brands and experts
and began to educate guests,