their leader and the company as a whole.
our business. Diversity is a cornerstone of Ulta Beauty and will continue
to set the tone for how we operate, grow and collaborate, in good times
and challenging times alike.”
Dave Kimbell, President, Ulta Beauty
the  possibilities are beautiful.ffi 10
PEOPLE 2020 ESG REPORT

Growing with us
Training & development
Ulta Beauty offers inspiring career paths
We provide opportunities to gain new
traditional training programs, but also
cross-functional projects.
We find new associates by meeting them
where they are. Many associates learn
about Ulta Beauty through word of mouth,
but we also recruit through job postings,
on campuses and online. For associates
working in salon services, we often
connect through professional platforms
and licensing programs. While scaled
back in 2020, our corporate internship
program is typically another source of
promising talent.
We waste no time welcoming new
associates to the Ulta Beauty team.
Orientation takes a variety of forms
across our stores, distribution centers
and corporate office. For corporate
associates, we organize a one-day
event called the Ultamate Foundation,

for professionals at every level.
expertise not only through
through participation in
during which all new hires learn about
the company and responsibilities of
each department and engage with the
Executive Team. Our CEO and Executive
Team participate in this event.
In-store associates take part in a structured
onboarding program during which they
engage in learning on specific tracks based
on their role. All new store managers
participate in a customized, role-based
training program known as Ultamate
Pathways. Topics covered include store
operations, guest service expectations and
inventory control processes. Managers
also get a full introduction to Ulta Beauty’s
mission, vision and values, along with our
commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Given our value of Improve Always,
ongoing training is an important part
of the associate experience. And there’s
always something new to learn. For
example, in-store associates use a digital
workplace tool for microtraining on new
product lines, sales skills and, this past
year, COVID-19 safety practices.
The Ulta Beauty work experience is
challenging, rewarding and fun. Associates
have the opportunity to build individual
development plans to help them work
toward career goals,