build a
better future.

are located just outside the city
that support the area is one
with nonprofits that
and beyond.
Other Chicago-based organizations with
which Ulta Beauty supports through cash,
products, volunteerism and/or board
leadership include:
> Communities in Schools of Chicago
> After School Matters
> B ig Brothers Big Sisters of
Metropolitan Chicago
> Metropolitan Family Services
> Youth Guidance
> S tart Early (formerly known as
Ounce of Prevention)
> Step Up
We’re also proud to partner with
organizations that are helping women Standing up for justice
and girls find the beauty within. Project
Glimmer helps young women, particularly
Systemic racism, unfortunately, affects every community
women of color, grow personal confidence
we serve. Ulta Beauty has responded in meaningful ways
and build their professional networks. And
to growing calls to address racial inequities in the U.S.,
GLAM4GOOD is on a mission to create
including donating nearly $150,000 to organizations
“social change through style,” providing
focused on racial justice and equality. Read more about
makeovers and gifts to everyday heroes
how we’re championing diversity inside and outside
and people in need. Over the past year, we
our company.
have supported both of these organizations
with in-kind donations of product.

the possibilities are beautiful.ffi 26
COMMUNITY 2020 ESG REPORT

Comfort in an
uncertain time
With the ongoing physical, social and
of us have needed a little extra care. Ulta
we can throughout this challenging time.
Our support began early in the pandemic
with products for front-line workers. We
donated 450,000 medical gloves, as well
as products like moisturizers, sanitizers and
balms needed by health care professionals
putting in long, difficult hours, whose skin
often got chafed from personal protective
equipment. In total, we donated $1.2 million
worth of product to 25 organizations. To
further show our appreciation for health
care heroes’ tireless efforts, we offered a
half price haircut and style for health care
workers with ID during the first month
that their local Ulta Beauty store reopened.
Connecting COVID-19 relief with support
for our national partners, we began selling
a branded face mask in stores and online
to raise funds for Dress for Success