Our Ulta Beauty Culture
There’s no place quite like Ulta Beauty. We’re on a mission to use the
power of beauty to bring out the possibilities within every person, and
that work begins with our associates. While we are diverse in so
many  ways, our people share a passion for redefining beauty and
retail—and a desire to build fulfilling careers.
The associate experience is grounded   Annually, we receive feedback from   deeper on specific topics. In 2020, the  We build upon and reinforce our culture
in our mission, vision and values.   the majority of our associate base  survey and roundtables zeroed in on our  at every level. Our CEO Mary Dillon
We work as a team to give “wow”   (approximately 78%) and follow a specific   COVID-19 response and diversity and  and other executives regularly make
experiences to our guests, in service of   process to make changes based on those  inclusion work. We were pleased to  themselves available for open dialogue
our vision of becoming the most loved   insights. Our results often put us in the  discover that 75% of associates surveyed  in a variety of forums, including Town
beauty destination and the most   top global quartile of companies surveyed   feel supported at Ulta Beauty, even amid  Halls, store and distribution center visits,
admired retailer.   for associate engagement globally. We  the shifts and challenges of the past year.   special small group gatherings and  more.
also hold roundtable sessions to dive
We don’t take our strong culture for
granted. As a guest-centric company, we
put a special focus on the experiences and
feedback of our in-store associates—
those who know our guests the best.
“ Without question, 2020 has reinforced the power of building a highly
We regularly conduct an associate
engaged, diverse culture. Our long-term commitment to creating an
engagement survey to take the pulse of
environment where all associates feel they belong and all perspectives
associates’ satisfaction with their role,
are valued is a focus for us as we do what’s right—for our people and
their leader and the company as a whole.
our business. Diversity is a cornerstone of Ulta Beauty and will continue
to set the tone for how we operate, grow and collaborate, in good times
and challenging times alike.”
Dave Kimbell,