ESG Reporting: Our Impact Goals, Strategy, & Progress
We have developed an Impact strategy and goals that reflect the positive impact we want to have on the world while advancing
and complementing our business strategy, and we are pleased to provide this update on our progress.
Our Approach to ESG Reporting:
We apply similar focus, discipline, and accountability to our
metrics as we do our financial metrics, and we believe that
together they make us stronger and more resilient. We use
our required filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission ("SEC"), as well as our Investor Relations
website and Etsy News blog, as our primary
communications channels for information relating to our
Impact strategy and progress. We have various approaches
for determining what information we disclose in our ESG
reporting, including feedback we receive from the financial
community and other stakeholders. In addition, we continue
to report our ESG metrics using the relevant Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board ("SASB") sector standards for
our industry and the Task Force on Climate-Related
Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") framework. We also strive to
stay abreast of new disclosure regulations, such as the
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD"), that
we are or may be required to comply with so we can
develop an action plan and prepare to comply.
We expect to continue to evolve our Impact strategy and
ESG reporting in the future as our Impact work at Etsy and
the broader industry matures. Our discussion of Impact
strategy, highlights, and ESG data includes the operations
of our Etsy, Reverb, and Depop marketplaces except where
noted.
Section Page
How We Drive Impact m
The levers we use to drive Impact work ~
Environmental
Goals & Highlights
Social 26
Highlights
Workforce Metrics
Highlights
Governance
Highlights 2
SASB
Consumer Goods Sector E-Commerce 32
industry standard reporting
TCFD
Climate - Governance, Strategy, Risk 36
Management, Metrics, and Targets
Our Impact framework holistically expresses the positive
impact we want our business to have
THE ETSY, INC. MISSION
KEEP COMMERCE HUMAN
Create Economic Impact Through Entrepreneurship
hs Building resilience
Ensuring equal
@ for the long term
access to opportunity
Net Zero Engaged &
Teams
Workforce Access
Sustainable Operations
Employment, Pay, and Advancement
Marketplace Sustainability
Supply Chain
Fostering a culture of
ethics and accountability
Responsible Marketplace Practices
Thoughtful Corporate Governance
Integrated ESG Reporting
Creative Community
Risk Oversight & Management
Buyers | Sellers | Creative Entrepreneurs
How We Drive Impact:
Underpinning our Impact strategy is a set of levers we employ to drive toward our Impact goals while advancing and
complementing our business strategy.
Business Integration
Responsibility and accountability for implementing our
Impact strategy is integrated and owned across our
Company through many cross functional teams. Our
Impact strategy is approved annually by our Executive
Team, and each of our Impact goals has an Executive
sponsor. Our Board of Directors has oversight of
these activities.
We are working to integrate our Impact ambitions into how
our marketplace platforms are designed and operated, and
how our sellers and buyers experience our marketplaces. By
making it easier for sellers and buyers to understand their
personal and collective impact, we aim to influence more
sustainable practices on the seller side while helping buyers
make more informed decisions. We are also conscious
about using marketing data and marketing images
in responsible and ethical ways.
We expect
to continue to
Public Policy - Advocating for
these
Values-Aligned Investment
creative entrepreneurs, our
communities, and the planet
our Impact goals.
We're putting our resources behind positive
change to enable the communities we are a part
of to thrive. Some examples are
listed below this chart.
We aim to leverage our engagement with
policymakers to advance our commitments to
economic empowerment for creative entrepreneurs,
equitable access to the digital economy, and
ecological sustainability. A key aspect of this work
is activating the power of our seller community.
In 2024, Etsy, Inc.'s Advocacy team
worked with sellers and
policymakers around the world to
ensure a voice for small business
owners in public policy. We
continued to advocate for public
policies aligned with the needs of
creative entrepreneurs
including supporting:
* enhanced access to affordable
child care and caregiving leave
for micro businesses;
the rights of small business
owners by advocating against
new rules that would impose
heavy one size-fits-all burdens
on small and microbusinesses;
and
+ decarbonizing transportation for
shipping, which supports
cleaner air, reduced climate risk,
and improved health across the
globe.
Impact Investing. In 2022, we set up a $30 million Impact Investment
Fund that seeks to make investments that are aligned with our Impact
strategy. As of December 31, 2024, $20.5 million of the Impact Investment
Fund was allocated to specific investments and the rest was on deposit at
a community development finance institution in the United States.
Philanthropy. In 2024, Etsy made over $5.6 million in philanthropic
donations to organizations driving equal access to economic opportunity
and to community-based organizations. Donations to support small
businesses were bolstered by contributions from marketplace buyers who
contributed through the round up feature at checkout.
Contributing to our Communities. Collectively, we enabled our employees
to donate 4,419 hours of paid volunteer time off in their communities
through Etsy's Impact Hours program.
Etsy is committed to helping our sellers prepare for and recover from
natural disasters that disrupt their business. In 2024, we supported sellers
impacted by events such as Hurricanes Helene and Milton by, among
other things, deferring fees and providing access to recovery resources
such as the Etsy Disaster Relief Fund. For more information see page 26.
Purchasing Power. We aim to drive positive impact in our supply chain by
investing in strong relationships with our suppliers. We engage on priority
impact areas, such as greenhouse gas emissions, fair wages, and
employee benefits programs, at crucial touch points throughout the
supplier lifecycle. We conduct regular reviews and conversations to
confirm suppliers are upholding agreed upon practices and to identify
further areas where we can engage with suppliers. We have a Supplier
Code of Conduct designed to ensure that our suppliers are committed to
our standards.
Environmental
Building resilience for the long term
Net Zero | Sustainable Operations
Net Zero
Goal: Achieve Net Zero through targets aligned with the science of climate change.
Brand Key Performance Indicators
Targets Our Progress
Absolute Scope 1 + 2
By year end 2030, we aim to achieve a 50%
greenhouse gas emissions*
reduction from a 2020 base year.
metric tonnes ("mt")
By year end 2040, we aim to achieve a 90%
reduction from a 2020 base year.
ESY te Scope 3 greenhouse gas
By year end 2030, we aim to achieve a 52%
emissions* mt per million
reduction from a 2020 base year.
dollars of gross profit
By year end 2040, we aim to achieve a 97%
reduction from a 2020 base year.
* Scope 1 emissions include direct emissions such as natural gas and refrigerants used at our offices. Scope 2 emissions include indirect emissions from the
generation of electricity that we may purchase for our offices. Scope 3 emissions include all other indirect emissions that occur in our value chain such as business
travel, employee commuting, and the processing of waste from our operations.
Our Strategy
We believe our Net Zero work strengthens our position as a trusted brand, a core pillar of our long-term strategy, and makes us
more resilient, drives efficiencies, and prepares us for anticipated regulations.
emissions resonate beyond our corporate boundaries, contributing to the overall health of people and the planet. We have made
consistent progress on our Net Zero goal year-over-year as seen below:
Progress Towards Our
Scope 1 & 2 Net Zero Target
Absolute Scope 1&2 tCO2e
Quantified
250
2020'21 '22 '23 '24 '25 '26 '27 '28 '292030
- 2030 Aligned Target - 2040 Goal
Absolute Emissions
Scope of our Net Zero Goal: In 2022, the Science Based Targets Initiative ("SBTi") approved Etsy's Net Zero goal under their
new Net-Zero Standard. As of December 31, 2024, our Net Zero goal includes emissions from the Etsy marketplace, Reverb,
and Depop, and is set against a 2020 baseline which has been adjusted to exclude Elo7.* The above 2020 and 2021 emissions
include third-party assured Etsy marketplace and Reverb data (for absolute Scope 1, Scope 2, Scope 3 - Category 1, Scope 3 -
Category 6: Air Travel, Scope 3 - Category 9, and Scope 3 - Category
Marketplace Sustainability |
33% reduction vs. baseline
37% reduction vs. baseline
more, we believe the benefits of reducing
Progress Towards Our
Scope 3 Net Zero Target
tC02e/$ Quantified Scope 3
Million Profit Gross
250
2020'21 '22 '24 '25 '28
Emissions Intensity - 2030 Aligned Target - 2040 Goal
11 emissions) and internally reviewed Depop data. Depop
accounted for approximately 6% of these emissions in 2020 and 4% in 2021. Our 2022, 2023, and 2024 data includes third-
party assured data for the Etsy marketplace, Reverb, and Depop. For additional details about how we quantify emissions, see
our GHG inventory and related notes (including assured emissions categories) on page 35.
*Our SBTi approved Net Zero goal included estimated emissions for Elo7. In 2023, Etsy completed the sale of Elo7 and, therefore, the estimated
Elo7 emissions previously included in our 2020 baseline have been removed resulting in a 0.5% reduction to the 2020 baseline. In accordance with
materiality guidelines, we are not required to submit the adjusted target for revalidation by the SBTi at this time.
Shipping
Emissions from the shipping of items sold in our marketplaces are by far the largest source of our quantified Scope 3 emissions.
In 2024, these emissions accounted for 54% of our reported Scope 3 emissions. This represents a 12% intensity reduction
relative to 2023 and 49% intensity reduction relative to our 2020 baseline. While we continue to make good progress on reducing
our shipping emissions intensity, Depop's recent growth, particularly in the United States, has limited our emissions reduction.
Depop's share of Etsy's absolute shipping emissions grew from 5% in 2023 to 11% in 2024.
We drive reduction in shipping emissions primarily through advocacy, carrier engagement, and product (marketplace) design. In
2024, we advocated for the United States Environmental Protection Agency to grant the California Air Resources Board a Clean
Air Act waiver to enforce the California Advanced Clean Fleets rule and supported the Clean Deliveries Act in New York. We
continue our regular engagement with key shipping carriers related to fleet electrification and improving shipping emissions data
- for the latter, we expanded coverage of supplier specific mail class emissions data to nearly 50% of our 2024 shipments. Lastly,
we continue to make improvements in Search and Discovery to enable buyers to more easily shop locally, which has the potential
to reduce emissions, as well as shipping time and cost.
Our Supply Chain
Our supply chain emissions (Scope 3 - Category 1) are our second largest source of quantified Scope 3 emissions. Through
direct supplier engagement, improved data quality (including leveraging more supplier specific emissions data), and supplier
selection criteria, in 2024, our reported supply chain emissions intensity decreased by 1% relative to 2023. Our analysis found
that 53% of Etsy's spend went to companies that have set a science-based emissions reduction goal. Building on the 2023 pilot,
we expanded the coverage of our supplier carbon fee program in 2024. The program requires suppliers to achieve an A- on the
annual Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP") assessment in order to avoid paying a carbon fee. In 2024, we negotiated terms with
suppliers representing more than $30 million in annual spend while expanding the resources we offer suppliers including
renewable energy certificates ("REC"), incentives for strong performance, and free-of-charge sustainability advisory with our
consulting partner.
Packaging
Emissions from our sellers' packaging are the third largest source of our quantified Scope 3 emissions. In 2024, these emissions
accounted for 16% of our reported Scope 3 emissions, which represents a 28% intensity increase relative to 2023. More
information on our 2024 packaging methodology can be found on page 35. Our work to help sellers reduce emissions from
packaging is detailed in the Marketplace Sustainability section below.
Beyond Value Chain Mitigation ("BVCM")
We are focused on meeting our long-term SBTi-approved Net Zero goal. However, in 2024, while we worked toward long-term
reductions in line with our goal, we took immediate action to address our impact by supporting projects that reduce emissions
beyond our value chain through our commitment to purchase verified emissions reductions ("VERs") in an amount equal to our
quantified annual emissions. We consider our BVCM work to be separate but complimentary to our Net Zero emissions
reduction efforts.
For 2024, we offset Etsy marketplace, Reverb and Depop's reported Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions through investment in 478,566
VERs, that, among other things, protect forests, finance solar development, and help develop greener methods for producing auto
parts.
We regularly review our carbon strategy to ensure we're using our resources to drive a positive impact in our environment,
communities, and our supply chain. To this end, we're excited that in 2025, we'll be evolving our strategy to incorporate an
explicit internal fee on our carbon emissions. This means for every quantified metric ton of carbon emissions ("CO2e") produced
as a result of business activities across our marketplaces, we will allocate a set amount of money to carbon projects. Of that
annual budget, we expect to invest a minimum of 25% in projects that catalyze emissions reductions within our value chain, such
as electrifying road transportation with our carriers, while the remaining budget will be allocated to carbon projects beyond our
value chain, such as protecting and conserving forests. This evolution will enable us to take advantage of new opportunities to
reduce our emissions in line with our Net Zero goal. While we expect to continue purchasing VERs as part of this work, we expect
those purchases will cover less than 100% of our quantified annual Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.
Investing in Climate Solutions
In 2024, Etsy invested $1 million of our Impact Investment Fund (mentioned above) in Iroquois Valley Farm's Rooted in
Regeneration Notes, which provides financing to support socially disadvantaged farmers, including concessionary mortgage
interest rates to enable these farmers to acquire land for organic, regenerative farming.
Sustainable Operations
Goal: Maintain best-in-class sustainable operations.
Brand Key Performance Indicators
% renewable energy sourced for offices'
electricity usage, electricity usage from
employees working from home, and Etsy
marketplace's Google Cloud usage
% of offices open for more than 24
months and for which we maintain
operational control with "Zero Waste"
certification
Intensity of our energy use in offices
where we maintain operational control
Etsy measured by kWh/ sq ft
Intensity of our energy
computing
measured by kWh/ visit
Striving for best-in-class sustainable operations allows us to focus on long-term cost reduction, minimizing waste, and creating a
healthier office environment for our employees.
Energy Use
In 2024, our total quantified operational energy footprint was 13,499 MWh, of which 75% was from electricity. This includes
energy usage from our offices, employees' working from home, and Google Cloud computing for the Etsy marketplace. Using our
Cloud Jewels methodology, we estimate our energy consumption from Google Cloud in 2024 to have been 5,742 MWh for the
Etsy marketplace. For more information on our energy mix, please see our SASB disclosure starting on page 32.
Our transition to Google Cloud has contributed to significant efficiencies in computing energy usage for the Etsy marketplace.
Specifically, our ability to flex infrastructure capacity, speed up processing and page load times, and flex technology usage
depending upon marketplace traffic volume have contributed to reduced energy intensity.
In 2024, Depop committed to set an energy efficiency target by early 2028, implementing tactical measures to reduce energy
intensity in the interim. We currently expect to evaluate energy efficiency options for Reverb once their new office opens in 2025.
Renewable Energy
We began sourcing renewable energy for our measured or calculated electricity use in 2020, and since 2022, we have sourced
renewable energy for the electricity we measured or calculated as used to power Etsy marketplace, Reverb, and Depop offices
and employees working from home, as well as Etsy marketplace's computing load in Google Cloud. This was achieved through
our 15-year virtual power purchase agreement
Targets Our Progress
100% of quantified usage each year 100%
100% by year end 2025 87%
25% reduction by year end 2025 from
34% reduction - offices
a 2016 baseline
25% reduction by year end 2025 from
73% reduction - computing
a 2016 baseline
the purchase of international renewable energy credits for our non-U.S.
electricity consumption, and on-site solar arrays at select offices. In 2024, Etsy earned more from its U.S. based VPPA than we
paid, effectively reducing electricity costs for our U.S. offices.
"Zero Waste"
In 2024, Etsy's Brooklyn office headquarters received "Zero Waste" certification through the Total Resource Use and Efficiency
certification program by Green Business Certification Inc. for the seventh year in a row for diverting over 90% of waste from
landfill. We continue to roll out a third-party tech-enabled system that measures real-time waste streams and contamination in
our offices. As of December 31, 2024, our Brooklyn, Dublin and London offices use this system and we currently plan to roll it out
to additional offices in 2025.
Marketplace Sustainability
Goal: Establish our marketplaces as destinations for sustainably minded shoppers and conscious living by reducing
the environmental impact of shopping and fulfillment lifecycles, and creating experiences that promote circularity.
Brand Key Performance Indicators
Ets Total active listings that have a
Yin. circular attribute*
% of active listings that have a
sustainability attribute** at December
Ft 31, 2024
y % of sellers who have added a
sustainability attribute** to at least
one listing at December 31, 2024
% of used items sold as share of total
items sold
% of used item sales
Target Our Progress
169 million active listings
No target set, monitoring progress
3% of active listings
No target set, monitoring progress
8% of active sellers
No target set, monitoring progress
>50% per year Achieved
25% increase by year end 2025 froma
2% increase vs. baseline
2022 baseline
*Circular attributes on the Etsy marketplace are vintage, upcycled, reusable swaps, and "contains recycled content" (metal, glass, polyester, plastic,
paper, or cotton), or "contains vintage gemstones." On Depop, these attributes are used, deadstock, reworked, preloved, vintage or made from
recycled cotton or polyester. On Reverb, the circular attribute is "used." In each case this includes any listing that was active at any point during
2024.
**Sustainability attributes on the Etsy marketplace are made from environmentally conscious materials or designed to be reusable or to reduce
waste.
We believe prioritizing sustainability within our marketplaces creates an opportunity to drive strategic growth and ensure we are
our communities' first stop when they want to shop according to their values. We're bringing sustainability to life for buyers and
sellers in several ways:
Item Sustainability
In 2022, the Etsy marketplace piloted optional sustainability listing attributes available across four retail categories that allow
sellers to indicate if their items are made from environmentally conscious materials or are designed to be reusable or to reduce
waste. Throughout 2024, we improved the process to surface listings with sustainability attributes in environment-related Etsy
pages and will continue to seek ways to improve the experience while ensuring attributes remain relevant and credible.
Circularity
Our strategy is to inspire and enable people to participate in the circular economy where products and resources remain in use at
their highest value across our marketplaces. Our communities are participating in circular systems, from the creative materials
they use, to the items they sell, to the packaging they use to ship.
Depop's mission is to make fashion circular and its aim is to inspire more people to shop secondhand - extending the lives of
their clothes and redefining fashion consumption. We estimate more than 100 million items have been given a second life*** by
Depop users since the platform was founded. This year, Depop removed seller fees in the United Kingdom and United States,
making it easier for users to sell clothes they no longer wear, and offering improved value and choice for buyers. This change
contributed to a 33% increase in Depop's overall listings active at any point during 2024 compared to 2023, reflecting Depop's
growing community of sellers participating in the circular economy.
Throughout 2024, we communicated the environmental impact of secondhand purchases on Depop compared to brand-new
items, using our Environmental Impact Measurement Methodology, which we co-developed with a third party in 2023. We hope
that by showcasing the environmental benefits of shopping secondhand rather than brand-new, we can continue to bring circular
fashion to more people.
items sold on Depop that have been tagged as "used" condition (rather than all items sold). We assume the split of "used" compared
to new items remained consistent over time, as the condition attribute was added in the fourth quarter of 2020.
Packaging
As part of our efforts to meet our Net Zero goal, we are helping inform sellers about ways to reduce emissions from the
packaging they use to ship orders, through both reused packaging and more sustainable options. In 2024, we continued our
partnership with EcoEnclose for both Etsy marketplace and Depop sellers in the United States. Through the partnership, sellers
can access and buy affordable packaging made from recycled paper and certified responsibly sourced paper that buyers can
also recycle easily at home. To make it easier for sellers to access this packaging, we have integrated EcoEnclose into the Etsy
marketplace Seller platform 'Shop Manager' as a preferred partner and have since seen a 100% increase in uptake.
Helping Our Sellers Build Climate Resilience
Our sellers face increasing challenges related to natural disasters. Recognizing this, a core part of our climate resilience strategy
focuses on improving both the recovery capacity and the preparedness of our sellers. We implement this strategy through three
levers: intervention, education, and advocacy.
In 2024, through proactive disaster response efforts, we provided bill deferment, extended star seller status, and shared disaster
response resources to more than 250,000 sellers in response to natural disasters. We also increased the number of grants and
frequency of disbursement provided through our disaster response grant program with the Craft Emergency Relief Fund
("CERF+'), which offers grants to Etsy marketplace U.S. sellers impacted by a Federal Emergency Management Agency ("FEMA")
declared disaster. We also continue to partner with Nest, Inc. to develop resources that make it easier for sellers and artisans in
the U.S. and India to access climate-related disaster information and funding. Through this same partnership, we've advocated
for improvements to FEMA and the Small Business Administration disaster relief programs to ensure the needs of home-based
artisans are considered.
Social
Ensuring equal access to opportunity
Engaged and Impactful
Workforce Access
Supply Chain
Creative Community
Teams
Engaged and Impactful Teams
For more information on how we foster Engaged and Impactful Teams, please see page 12 of this report.
Workforce Access
Goal: Ensure equal access to employment, engagement, and development to drive equitable outcomes.
Ensuring Equal Access to Employment
As noted on page 12, we believe teams with diverse viewpoints are better able to deliver the creativity and innovation necessary
to serve our global community of buyers and sellers, and as a result we broadly seek to increase the range of backgrounds and
perspectives in our workforce. These efforts encompass outreach and recruiting practices, which are designed to ensure we
attract the broadest and most talent-rich pool of employee applicants possible. In all cases, we make individual employment
decisions - whether it's a decision to hire, to promote, to discipline, or to discharge - on the basis of merit. We remain confident
in the processes we have in place to mitigate biases, and have seen the diversity of our U.S. workforce increase over the past
several years.
Consistent with how we run our business, we track our progress in diversifying our workforce through a variety of metrics at both
the consolidated Etsy level and at the individual marketplace levels.
For Etsy Marketplace:
+ December 31, 2024:
° 51.5% of all global employees identified as women or marginalized genders
° 14.9% of U.S. employees identified as Black, Latinx, or Native American
° 42.1% of U.S.-based software engineers identified as women or marginalized genders
° 17.7% of Mexico-based software engineers identified as women or marginalized genders
° 27.8% of Ireland-based software engineers identified as women or marginalized genders
° of our U.S. and U.K. employees disclosed that they have or have had a disability
° 0.5% of our U.S. employees disclosed that they are veterans that served in the armed forces
° 11.0% of our U.S. employees disclosed that they identify as LGBTQIA+
° 33.3% of our U.S., Mexico, and Ireland employees disclosed that they are parents of children below the age of
18 through their benefits elections
+ Scored 100 on Disability: IN's Disability Equality Index for 2024
For Reverb:
+ At December 31, 2024:
° 35.7% of all global employees identified as women or marginalized genders
° 20.2% of U.S. employees identified as Black, Latinx, Native American, Asian and two or more races
For Depop:
+ At December 31, 2024:
° 27.9% of U.S. and U.K. employees identified as Asian, Black, Mixed or 'Other,' including Latinx in the United
States
° 26.9% of employees on engineering and data teams identified as women and marginalized genders
Consolidated workforce highlights can be found below.
In addition to our work to attract qualified and diverse talent, we are also investing in programs that support the retention and
engagement of our employees, as described further below.
Ensuring Equal Access to Pay
Etsy takes proactive measures at each step of the employee journey to ensure fair pay practices. At the recruiting stage, we
determine compensation packages within our existing frameworks by comparing outgoing offers to internal roles with
comparable experience. During compensation reviews, we use guideposts when determining the size of merit and promotion
increases and bonuses based on performance outcomes. Additionally, all compensation recommendations are reviewed by
Human Resources and senior leadership to ensure equity. Etsy also periodically makes market-based adjustments to
compensation that we apply consistently within and across functions and/or teams, to ensure pay for internal employees is
aligned with that of new hires.
As part of our commitment to fair pay practices, we completed our most recent biennial pay equity analysis, conducted by a
third-party consulting firm, in 2024. The purpose of this analysis is to look at pay across jobs and levels to ensure our practices
are fair and consistent and that compensation is not influenced by gender, or race/ethnicity. The analysis found no unexplained
pay gaps adverse to women or employees from other marginalized genders, or non-white employees. Additionally, there were no
unexplained pay gaps based on intersectionality (i.e., based on the combination of race and gender/ethnicity). We plan to
continue to comprehensively audit pay equity biennially with an external consultant, and conduct internal reviews several times a
year in conjunction with events such as rating and promotion decisions and market adjustments.
Ensuring Equal Access to Advancement Opportunities
The career achievement and advancement of our people is a priority. We provide robust professional development budgets for
our teams to use for skill development, and career coaching to all levels of employees. Additionally, the Etsy marketplace widely
offers mentoring for employees, and has multiple mentorship programs.
As part of our commitment to provide our people with unique challenges and opportunities that help them develop, grow, and
realize their career aspirations, we've established transparent expectations outlined by level, and we leverage those expectations
to evaluate performance equitably. We provide our people managers with standardized templates for development and growth
conversations, and hold them accountable for having these conversations. Twice a year, managers also have the opportunity to
recognize the contributions and readiness of individual team members for the next level through our promotion processes, which
are rigorously reviewed for equity of outcome. We also have a transparent process for applying for role opportunities internally,
and a fair evaluation method for consideration. Additionally, we believe recognition is a critical piece of an
engagement; it contributes to a sense of esteem and belonging which studies show increases motivation and productivity. To
support this, we offer our managers a variety of methods of recognition to support their teams.
Progress On Disability Inclusion
We are proud that the Etsy marketplace achieved a score of 100 on
second year in a row. We are committed to making progress against our roadmap of enhancements to our programs, policies,
and practices for the Etsy marketplace and to maintaining a best-in-class score for the Etsy Marketplace for 2025.
Reverb and Depop benchmarked their current practices during 2024, and are in the process of building roadmaps of
improvements for their respective organizations. During 2024, Depop made progress by developing education around
accessibility and disability inclusion for all employees, including providing resources specific for managers, and clarified their
accommodations process. Depop and Reverb remain committed to continuing progress on their roadmap in 2025.
We believe a central measure of our progress is evident in employee self-disclosure of disability status. Without reason to share
or enough trust between a company and its employees, individuals are unlikely to self-disclose. In 2024, 9.7% of U.S. and U.K.
Etsy marketplace employees disclosed that they have or have had a disability.
Workforce Metrics
As of December 31, 2024 we had approximately 2,400 total employees worldwide including approximately 180 Reverb
employees and approximately 400 Depop employees. Across our employee workforce, over 70 nationalities are represented.
All metrics below are as of December 31 of the stated year.
Leadership is defined as Director level and above. Tech employees are defined as those employees who work on Product,
Engineering, Analytics, and HR Information and Financial Systems Administration teams. Engineering employees are defined as
those employees who work within the Engineering Job Family Group included within Tech. Other Business Roles are defined as
those employees who work in roles outside of the Tech definition, inclusive of non-tech Leadership positions. Gender and age
metrics reflect our global employee base, while race and ethnicity metrics reflect U.S. only in the below graphs and table.
We continue to value diversity at the Board level. Etsy expects to provide additional disclosures on its Board of Directors in our
Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Proxy Statement") to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Our most recent consolidated equal employment opportunity ("EEO-1") report can be
found on our Investor Relations website.
Gender Metrics - Global
3.3% [3.4% 2.6% 2.7% | i ! 4.4% | 4.6% | 4.6% PRES
42.5%] 43.9%
47.7%
60.0%) 46.7%
54.6% 153.3% h
44.4% | 44.4% 48.0% 147.6% 146.7%
40.0% 39.9%
2024 2023 2022
2024t 2023t 2022+
2024t
2022+
Overall
Leadership
Board of Directors
Disability Equality Index in 2024 for the
30.7% 132.6%
56.5%
63.9% 7%,
65.3% 162.8%
35.8%
28.7% 1%
2024+ 2023t 2022+ 2023t 2023t
Engineering
Tech
Other Business
Roles
Female H Male © Additional Genders* Not Declared
* Additional Genders for Board of Directors was 0% in 2024, 2023, and 2022; for Overall was 2.0% in 2024, 2.4% in 2023, and 2.2% in 2022; for
Leadership was 0.3% in 2024, 0.6% in 2023, and 0.7% in 2022; for Tech was 2.1% in 2024, 2.6% in 2023, and 2.3% in 2022; for Engineering was 3.0%
in 2024, 3.5% in 2023, and 2.7% in 2022; for Other Business Roles was 1.3% in 2024, 1.5% in 2023, and 2.0% in 2022.
t+ Etsy commissioned an external third party to perform attest procedures with respect to our workforce metrics for the reporting period. Full details
and data methodology are available at investors.etsy.com. For Gender Metrics, 2022 includes Elo7 (divested).
RACE & ETHNICITY METRICS - U.S. ONLY
3.4% 3.8% 2.8% 2.8% 44% 3.2% 3.4% 6% 3.3%
5.9%
4.6% 5.5% 6 9% 8.9% 10.2% 9 50,
20.0% 22.2% 22.2%
2024 2023 2022
2024t
2022t
2024t 2023t 2022t
Overall
Leadership
Board of Directors
@ American Indian or Alaska Native*
Asian
Not Declared Two or More Races White
* American Indian or Alaska Native for Board of Directors was 0% in 2024, 2023, and 2022; for Overall was 0.1% in 2024, 0.1% in 2023, and 0.2% in
2022; for Leadership was 0% in 2024, 2023, and 2022; for Tech was 0.1% in 2024, 0.1% in 2023, and 0.2% in 2022; for Engineering was 0.1% in 2024,
0.1% in 2023, and 0.2% in 2022; for Other Business Roles was 0% in 2024, 0.2% in 2023, and 0.1% in 2022.
t+ Etsy commissioned an external third party to perform attest procedures with respect to our workforce metrics for the reporting period. Full details
and data methodology are available at investors.etsy.com.
AGE METRICS - GLOBAL*
2024t 2023t 2022t
2.8% 6% 3.1%
17.7% \ 15.7%
33.9%
28.2% 24.6%
24 years and younger
30-34 years ? 40-49 years
2024t
2022t
2024t
2022t 2024t 2022t
Engineering
Tech
Other Business
Roles
Black/ African American Hispanic
2.9% 4.0%
22.6%
22.5%
33.0%
@ 25-29 years 35-39 years 50+ years
* Age Not Declared was 0.1% in 2024, 0.04% in 2023, and 0.1% in 2022.
t+ Etsy commissioned an external third party to perform attest procedures with respect to our workforce metrics for the reporting period. Full details
and data methodology are available at investors.etsy.com. For Age Metrics, 2022 includes Elo7 (divested).
Supply Chain
Goal: Ensure an equitable supply chain that supports a broad range of businesses and brings new economic
opportunities to our suppliers and their employees.
Supplier Diversity
The value that entrepreneurs and innovators deliver is at the core of everything we do, and we therefore continue to work to build
a more transparent, accessible, and competitive supply chain. We believe our commitment to supplier diversity provides access
to a broader range of innovative ideas, talent, and perspectives, which ultimately leads to enhanced market reach, cost efficiency,
and a more resilient supply chain -- all while aligning with our mission to "Keep Commerce Human."
During 2024, we spent $43 million with diverse-owned suppliers, which we define as woman, disability, and LGBTQ-owned
globally; as well as Black, Asian-Indian, Asian-Pacific, Hispanic/Latinx, Indigenous, and veteran-owned in the United States. This
year we verified our self-reported diverse suppliers by cross-referencing with the National Minority Supplier Development Council
and Disability:IN's certified databases to ensure the integrity and accuracy of our efforts.
Although we are committed to broadening the diversity of our supplier base and track this data to help measure our outreach
progress, in all cases we make individual procurement decisions on the basis of merit.
Advancing Partner Welfare and Compensation
Etsy utilizes a number of vendors, contractors, and consultants, collectively our "vendor partners," in the ordinary course of its
business. These vendor partners are typically engaged to (a) enable Etsy to access otherwise unavailable expertise; (b) to fill
short term staffing requirements (for example, temporary leave replacements); or (c) support our operations, including to deliver
24-hour multilingual customer support and trust and safety support coverage. We believe our commitment to our vendor
partners enhances Etsy's operational efficiency and aligns with our ethical standards by reducing turnover, boosting productivity,
and ensuring stable service delivery, thereby strengthening our business resilience.
In 2024, we continued to educate our vendor partners who employ contractors who do work for Etsy on Etsy's aspirational
guidelines for employment practices. We continued a process to survey and evaluate our third-party partners across key
practices. Where we identify gaps, we open dialogues with our vendors, using these guidelines as a north star:
+ Ensuring our contractors receive a progressive living wage, adjusted for market conditions, based on location.
+ Using our leverage with vendor partners to achieve a progressive and flexible paid leave policy for all full-time contractors,
including vacation time, sick time, and gender-neutral parental leave.
+ Ensuring all full-time contractors have access to quality medical care for themselves and their dependents.
Creative Community
Goal: Build welcoming marketplaces that serve our global community of buyers and sellers and grow opportunity
within the creative economy.
Our commitment to drive impact for our community focuses on creating pathways to economic opportunity. Across the House of
Brands, we aim to provide programs and services to support economically disenfranchised creative businesses and the
organizations that serve them. Ranging from the distribution of targeted educational materials to product enhancements, our
initiatives are aimed at addressing key barriers to success to facilitate business growth.
Commitment to Economic Opportunity
Etsy understands the critical role creative entrepreneurship can play in building economic independence and freedom for
communities and has long been committed to utilizing our marketplace to help makers with a creative idea build a business
online. Our work aims to ensure that the pathways to creative entrepreneurship are available to all.
As a cornerstone of Etsy's commitment to supporting creative small businesses navigating challenges to building and growing,
Etsy's Uplift Fund aims to support organizations driving critical resources to entrepreneurs. Through Etsy's partnership, in 2024,
these organizations provided support to over 3,550 entrepreneurs. In 2024, U.S. buyers joined with Etsy by electing to donate the
change on their orders 2.9 million times. These donations, coupled with Etsy's contributions, resulted in $3.6 million in grants to
organizations providing capital and wrap-around business support services to entrepreneurs, particularly business owners who
face barriers to access that impede their ability to grow.
Commitment to the Creative Economy
Reverb Gives works to advance music programs globally and in 2024 provided access to musical equipment by distributing
approximately $184,000 in purchase credits and awards. This year, Reverb Gives together with Etsy's Uplift Fund supported 39
organizations committed to serving creative communities and their growth.
We have a $30 million Impact Investment Fund that seeks to make investments that are aligned with our Impact strategy. As of
December 31, 2024, $20.5 million of the Impact Investment Fund was allocated to specific investments and the rest was on
deposit at a large community development finance institution in the United States. In 2024, our Impact Investment Fund invested
$500,000 in To the Market, a business that helps artisan and women-owned businesses gain greater market access through the
growth of supply chain opportunities.
Commitment to Diverse Imagery
We also strive to appeal to current and potential customers by ensuring that the images we use in our marketing broadly reflect
demographic trends. In 2024, approximately 39.7% of the images of people in marketing assets used on Etsy-owned and
managed channels in the United States had black or brown skin tones.
4' Governance
Fostering a culture of ethics and accountability
Responsible Marketplace Practices
The trustworthiness of our marketplaces and the connections among our buyer and seller communities are the cornerstones of
Etsy's business. For more information, please see Part I, Item 1, "Business-Primary Business Drivers-Trust & Safety" of this
Annual Report.
Thoughtful Corporate Governance
Our corporate governance practices include an independent Board Chair, a fully independent Board of Directors (except for our
Chief Executive Officer), independent Committee members, sophisticated and fully engaged directors with different areas of
relative expertise and additional dimensions of diversity, and a balanced distribution of director tenure. For a more complete
description of our corporate governance practices, please refer to our most recent proxy statement. More information on our
governance policies and guidelines is available at the Investor Relations section of our website.
In alignment with our mission to "Keep Commerce Human" we are committed to upholding and promoting human rights across
our marketplaces and throughout our value chain. In 2024 we partnered with Nest to create educational videos for Etsy sellers
who engage with production partners. The videos aim to support sellers in choosing ethical and responsible production partners
by introducing sellers to key topics in Etsy's "Ethical Expectations: What We Expect from Sellers Who Work With Production
Partners" policy. The first of four videos was published in 2024 and addresses our policy on child and youth labor in production
partners. In our corporate supply chain, we identified and worked with key suppliers to understand how they prioritize Human
Rights in their operations. We also updated our Modern Slavery Statement.
And while the connections we facilitate are uniquely human, they are rendered ever more seamless by the power of technology
and artificial intelligence ("AI"). In 2024, we defined six values that guide us in the responsible use of AI across our marketplaces,
in our operations, and through our partnerships: Respect, Fairness, Reliability, Transparency, Privacy, and Security.
Integrated ESG Reporting
We strive to continue to innovate and evolve our ESG disclosures to hold ourselves accountable and transparently engage with
all of our stakeholders. Since 2018,
shared our ESG metrics alongside our financial results in our Integrated Annual Report.
This practice is intended to ensure that
transparent about and accountable for progress against our environmental and
social commitments. As a result of the evolving regulatory requirements, we have also expanded our standalone ESG reporting,
including under the California Voluntary Carbon Market Disclosures Act and Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") laws in India.
These reports can be found in the Governance section of our Investor Relations webpage.
Risk Oversight and Management
One of the key functions of our Board of Directors is to provide informed oversight of our risk management processes. While
management is responsible for day-to-day management of the material risks we face, our Board of Directors is responsible for
risk oversight. Etsy has a Risk Steering Committee, which is comprised of a cross-functional management team that meets
regularly to review and discuss the significant risks facing Etsy. Periodic reports on material risk are provided to the Risk
Oversight Committee, with an annual update to the full Board of Directors. The Risk Steering Committee also periodically
considers areas of new or evolving risks and works to understand risk analyses and establish appropriate mitigation plans. For
more information on risk oversight generally, please see "Board Oversight of Risk" in Etsy's Proxy Statement. For information on
how we manage our climate related risks, please refer to our complete TCFD response beginning on page 36 of this Annual
Report. For information on how we manage our cybersecurity risks, please refer to Item 1C, beginning on page 67 of this Annual
Report.
SASB Disclosure
The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board's ("SASB") mission is to develop sustainability metrics for public corporations to
disclose material, decision-useful information to investors. Etsy's disclosures are designed to provide comparable and
consistent data. We have included below the metrics from SASB's Consumer Goods Sector - E-Commerce industry standard
that are relevant to our business. Unless otherwise noted as relating to Etsy marketplace, Reverb, or Depop, information in this
section applies to Etsy, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries.
SASB Metrics
SASB Code _ Metric
CG-EC-000.A measure of
Active buyers (thousands)
user activity
Active sellers (thousands)
+ Active buyers and Active sellers includes Etsy marketplace, Reverb,
Depop and Elo7, while 2023 and 2024 excludes Elo7 (divested).
CG-EC-000.B processing capacity
Etsy marketplace primarily uses Google Cloud for its cloud computing
needs, while Reverb and Depop primarily use Amazon Web Services
('AWS').
dynamically flex our infrastructure capacity, while providing faster
processing speed, improved page load time, and more nimble technology
on an as needed basis depending on traffic volume.
Percentage outsourced 100 % 100 % 100 %
Hardware Infrastructure Energy & Water Management
CG- Total energy consumed, MWh (Etsy marketplace)
2024 2023 2022
95,459 96,483 95,076
8,134 9,035 7,470
our Etsy marketplace cloud usage has enabled us to
5,742 6,253 6,379
EC-130a.1 Percentage renewable energy (Etsy marketplace) 100 % 100 % 100 %
Percentage grid electricity (Etsy marketplace) 100 % 100 % 100 %
CG- Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic planning for data center needs.
EC-130a.3
When transitioning to a cloud computing infrastructure, we selected Google Cloud, a partner that shares
our commitment to 100% renewable electricity, for the Etsy marketplace. Their highly efficient data centers
have helped us save significant overhead energy. For more information on our computing energy target
and benefits of Google Cloud, please see page 24.
* monitor and manage energy consumption from our computing infrastructure for the Etsy
marketplace. For 2024, we estimate that our energy consumption in Google Cloud was 5,742 MWh, based
on a methodology developed by Etsy and reviewed by industry experts (our "Cloud Jewels methodology").
Quantification of our cloud energy consumption is allowing us to meaningfully explore and activate levers
of change to drive further cost and energy efficiencies in our computing footprint. Our 2024 hardware
infrastructure energy footprint does not include Reverb or Depop as we are not currently able to calculate
energy usage from AWS, but we do include the emissions from Reverb and Depop's hardware
infrastructure in our Scope 3 Purchased Goods and Services calculations.
Data Privacy and Advertising Standards
Description of the policies and practices relating to behavioral advertising and user privacy.
+ Wecare deeply about privacy and are committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including
how we treat personal information. Etsy's Privacy Policy provides a detailed explanation of our privacy
practices. Etsy's Transparency Report also includes details of our Privacy Principles.
CG- + Among other things, our Privacy Policy and Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy cover the user
EC-220a.2 information that Etsy collects or receives, the choices and control that a user has in relation to their data
including based on type and sensitivity by region and worldwide, the purpose for which Etsy uses such
information (including first and third-party advertising purposes), our policies relating to our usage and
sharing within Etsy, its affiliates and third-party partners, disclosures about third-party partner privacy
policy and options, and user controls for sharing and controlling such information with third parties. Depop
and Reverb each have separate policies in place that address similar privacy matters.
Data Security
SASB Code Metric
2024 2023 2022
EC-230a.1
Description of approach to identifying and addressing data security risks.
Data security is overseen by our Chief Technology Officer assisted by our Chief Information Security
Officer.
* to protect sensitive information through various means, such as technical safeguards,
procedural requirements and policies, an intensive program of monitoring on both our web platform and
within our corporate network, regular testing of aspects of our security posture internally and with outside
vendors, a robust incident response program, and regular training for employees.
We report on a quarterly basis to the Risk Oversight Committee of the Board of Directors, assisting the
Board of Directors with its oversight of technology and information security risks.
* Our Board also periodically participates in tabletop exercises conducted by senior management, with the
assistance of outside counsel as needed, as part of risk management and disaster-related planning to
validate, test, and assess the effectiveness and adequacy of certain roles and decision-making processes
in the event of a cyber-incident.
Further information can be found in our Data Privacy & Security policy on our Investor Relations site.
Reverb and Depop also have similar policies that can be found on their respective websites.
Employee Recruitment, Inclusion and Performance
CG- Employee engagement as a percentage (Etsy
EC-330a.1 marketplace) 65 % 80% °
Employee engagement as a percentage (Reverb) 66 % 72% 75 %
Employee engagement as a percentage (Depop) 76 % 75 % 72%
Employee engagement as a percentage and discussion of methodology.
* In June 2024, we conducted separate engagement surveys of Etsy marketplace employees and Reverb
employees. Of employees surveyed, 81% of Etsy marketplace and 92% of Reverb employees submitted a
response, and 65% of Etsy respondents and 66% of Reverb respondents reported favorable employee
engagement. The survey was conducted through the Culture Amp platform and consisted of 64 rating
questions on which employees were asked to indicate their level of agreement with a statement based on
a five-point scale from Strongly Agree to Strongly Disagree, and two free-text questions to which
employees were asked to write out a response for Etsy marketplace. At Reverb, the Culture Amp survey
consisted of 59 rating questions, and one free-text question.
* During December 2024, Depop conducted its most recent bi-annual engagement survey through Peakon.
71% of employees submitted a response, with a resulting engagement score of 7.6 (76%). This is the
average score given by respondents to four key engagement questions, all of which are rated on a scale of
1-10. This score has been converted into a percentage based on the overall engagement score. For more
information on our engagement scores see the Fostering Engaged Teams section on page 12.
Gender and racial/ethnic grou
g P See "ESG Reporting: Our Impact Goals, Strategy, & Progress-
representation for leadership, technical
Social-Workforce
octal
staff and other business functions
Discussion of diversity and inclusion
See "ESG Reporting: Our Impact Goals, Strategy, & Progress-
strategy and performance
Social-Workforce Access" section for details starting on page 26.
CG-EC-330a4 Percentage of technical employees who 37% 38%
are H-1B visa holders
Product Packaging and Distribution
Total greenhouse gas ("GHG") footprint of
product shipments in metric tons CO,e
Total GHG footprint of packaging in
metric tons CO,e
Metrics" for details
starting on page 28
starting on page <e.
Metrics
Tor
260,522
276,559 339,395 T
77,865 t 56,826 t 57,911
of strategies to reduce the environmental impact of product delivery.
* on our strategies related to reducing the environmental impact of product delivery see our
Net Zero section on page 22 and Marketplace Sustainability section on page 25.
GHG Emissions Summary ("tCO,e")
GHG Emissions by Scope
Scope 1 284 T 330 t 371
Scope 2 - Market
Scope 2 - Location'
Scope 3 478,282
Scope 3 Emissions Intensity (tCO2e/ million $ gross profit) 235 246 293
Scope 3 GHG Emissions by Activity Source
Category 1: Purchased Goods & Services"
Purchased Goods & Services (excluding Computing)
Cloud Computing - Google Cloud (Etsy marketplace)
Other Computing
Category 3: Fuel & Energy Related Activities®
Fuel & Energy Related Activities Not Included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 231 251 3,429
Category 5: Waste Generated in Operations
Waste 6 5
Water 10 9 4
Category 6: Business Travel®
Air Travel 4375 t 4,093 t 1,067
Other Business Travel 717 462 163
Category 7: Employee Commuting?
Commuting 552 344 1,042
Remote Workers 545 754 1,401
Category 9: Downstream Transportation & Distribution
Shipping* 260,522 +
Packaging* 77,865 56,826 57,911 t
Category 11: Use of Sold Products®
End User Energy Use
2024 2023 2022
926 Tt 813 t 542 t
468,594 531,638
113,823 t
102,157 t 106,434 t
10,040 t 15,397 t 12,054 +
2,109 t 2,012 t 1,836 t
276,559 t 339,395 t
7,488 t 9,724 t 6,897 t
Additional Environmental Metrics (unit of measure)
Energy (Megawatt hours)
Offices - Electricity 2,666 2,568
Offices - Heating 1,545 1,758
Remote Working - Electricity 1,737 2,106
Remote Working - Heating 1,809 1,871
Refrigerants included in Scope 1) 3 11
t+ Etsy commissioned an external third-party to perform attest procedures with respect to our carbon and energy metrics for the reporting period.
Full details and data methodology are available at investors.etsy.com.
Notes on Our GHG Inventory
We note that the above emissions are not net of the application of carbon offsets.
For the subsection of Scope 3 - Category 1, Cloud Computing - Google Cloud (Etsy marketplace only), in 2022 we calculated the emissions
partly with data provided by Google and partly using our own calculation of their market-based emissions. Using Etsy's Cloud Jewels
methodology, we estimated our Google Cloud Platform's Scope 2 energy usage and with Google's agreement, retired REC's on behalf of this
energy usage, thus reducing our supplier emissions from Google Cloud.
In 2023, we made the following updates to our methodology for quantifying our GHG inventory:
?We moved to a new carbon data management vendor allowing us to derive a portion of our quantified Scope 2 location-based emissions with
different and more commonly used emissions factors, resulting in an increase of emissions compared to 2022.
? Our new carbon data management vendor derived our emissions for Scope 3 - Category 1 and included calculations to account for inflation
or deflation which resulted in a decrease in emissions due to spend amounts shrinking when adjusting the dollar value from 2022 to 2012. Our
vendor also derived more supplier specific emissions factors based on publicly available data from some suppliers, resulting in a decrease in
emissions as the emissions data from suppliers were lower than the average Environmental Protection Agency Environmentally Extended
Input-Output factors previously used. Additionally, we updated our Google Cloud Platform emissions calculation by obtaining emissions data
directly from Google, resulting in an increase in emissions as the data for Scope 2 Market-based emissions was higher than estimated in
2022.
3 We re-categorized emissions from upstream and fuel and energy related activities that were a result of Business Travel, Commuting, and End
User Energy from Scope 3 Category 3 into Scope 3 Categories 6, 7, and 11 respectively, resulting in increased emissions in these categories
and a decrease in Scope 3 Category 3 emissions. We note that this change did not have an impact on overall emissions as it is just a re-
categorization. Additionally, in Scope 3 - Category 6, our calculation of Air Travel emissions was changed to include emissions from radiative
force in the emissions factors, resulting in an increase in emissions, as radiative forcing includes calculations with a higher global warming
potential than those without. In Scope 3 - Category 7, we updated our calculations for employee commuting to use data from government
sources and data aggregators.
Overall the changes in methodology in 2023 decreased our calculated emissions when compared to methodologies previously used.
2024, we updated the emissions factors that we use in our Scope 3 - Category 9 packaging emissions calculations to a more current
source from Ecoinvent, switching from the Franklin Associates Oregon Department of Environmental Quality study. This caused an increase in
emissions year-over-year. Additionally, for our packaging emissions calculation we included data from the usage of our planet friendly
packaging program provided by EcoEnclose. For our Scope 3 - Category 9 shipping emissions in 2024, the emission factor applied in
calculating the emissions for Depop shipments was derived from Depop emissions data provided by USPS, whereas in 2023 and 2022, the
emission factor applied was derived from Etsy emissions data as a proxy. Additionally, for Etsy marketplace shipping calculations if the seller
or buyer zip code for a shipment is not valid, then the average shipping distance of all Etsy shipments for that mail class for the reporting year
is used to estimate the shipment distance, whereas in 2023 and 2022, the shipments were excluded from the reported Scope 3, Category 9
emissions.
As a result of the above changes in scope, methodology, and our continued efforts at further accountability, some categories of emissions
data are not comparable from year to year. Additional details regarding the scope and data methodologies used to calculate our GHG
emissions data can be found on our Investor Relations website.
The Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
Etsy treats climate change and its related impacts seriously. Since 2020, we have reported enhanced climate-related disclosures in line with the
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") recommendations. TCFD provides a framework with four thematic areas -
Governance, Strategy, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets - and eleven recommended disclosures. The following disclosures provide
information intended to address each recommendation, including references to other publicly available sources for related information. ESG
and climate governance as well as our Impact Strategy are set at an Etsy, Inc. level and all disclosures in this section cover the Etsy, Reverb and
Depop marketplaces (other than the results of our climate risk assessment which was limited to the Etsy marketplace). While we have
identified and disclosed a number of relevant climate-related risks, we have determined that at this time none of these risks represent a
material short-term risk to our business. For a discussion of certain risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities, see
Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors."
Governance
Board of Directors oversight of climate-related risks & opportunities
Etsy's full Board of Directors has overall responsibility for
oversight of risk management at Etsy, including management
of climate risk. In December 2023, the Risk Oversight
Committee of our Board of Directors ("ROC") was formed to
assist our Board of Directors with its oversight of Etsy's
management of risk exposures and processes for monitoring
and mitigating risk. Since its formation, the ROC has received
Board of Directors
3 Oversight of risk management including climate and ESG risk
x x x
regular briefings on risk management-related topics. The work
Nominating & Audit
of the Risk Steering Committee helps inform which risks are
Corporate Oversees ESG Oversees
a Governance disclosure in Integrated
reported to the Board of Directors and to Board Committees.
Reviews Report
(For a description of the Risk Steering activities,
environmental impact
see below.)
3 goals and progress
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our
Executive Team
Board of Directors (the "N&CGC") has responsibility for
periodic review of our environmental Impact goals and our
Quarterly Business Review
Risk Steering Committee
progress towards those goals. We typically report on our
Review progress towards goals
Monitor and manage ESG Risk
progress towards our Impact goals to the N&CGC or the Board
of Directors twice a year.
Chief Legal Officer
The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing significant
acquisitions and other large scale capital expenditures. One of
Senior Director, Impact & Sustainability
the criteria we use when evaluating acquisition opportunities is
whether the transaction aligns with our mission, strategy, and
Technical ESG WGs
values, including our Impact focus. In addition, the Audit
CSRD Progress tracking & reporting
Committee of the Board of Directors oversees the disclosure in
ESG Disclosure Implementation
our Annual Report, which includes Impact disclosures, and our
review of our Impact disclosures. One member of our
Impact Investing
Board of Directors is experienced in sustainability accounting
Responsible AI
practices and is a SASB FSA Credential Holder. Information
Risk Oversight
management of risks
including, where
relevant, ESG risks
Impact Coordination
Reporting
Initiative design & ops
Strategy
Goal design & overall strategy
about Etsy's Board of Directors and its Committees, including
their charters and membership, is available in the Governance
section of our Investor Relations website.
role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Our Executive Team, including our Chief Executive Officer, reviews our environmental goals annually. Our Chief Financial Officer
approves material capital expenditures, including those related to climate-related issues, such as renewable energy projects, and
investments in verified emissions reductions.
Oversight of climate risk at Etsy is supported by the Risk Steering Committee, a cross-functional management team which includes our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This Committee meets at least quarterly to review and discuss the significant risks
facing Etsy and its deliberations inform the risk management-related topics elevated to the Board of Directors and the Board
Committees.
Etsy's Sustainability team, led by the Senior Director of Impact and Sustainability (the "I&S Sr. Director"), oversees Etsy's sustainability
strategy and implementation, which includes climate impacts. The I&S Sr. Director reports to the Chief Legal Officer, who is the
Executive Sponsor for Etsy's Impact strategy. The I&S Sr. Director presents progress on environmental metrics each quarter to the
Senior Leadership Team, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Etsy also has four cross-functional Impact
Working Groups that all meet at least quarterly to manage the implementation of Impact projects and reporting.
Strategy
Climate-related risks and opportunities identified & impact on strategy
Etsy's climate strategy is informed by periodic identification and prioritization of climate-related risks and opportunities, including
preliminary work with respect to the double materiality assessment required under the E.U. CSRD. To date, while we have identified
relevant climate risks, we have not identified any climate-related risks which are reasonably expected to have a material short-term
impact on financial or strategic business operations. We believe that this is largely due to the Etsy marketplace's business model, the
wide geographic distribution of our seller and buyer base, and our long-standing work to mitigate climate risks. However, due to the
systemic nature of climate change and its intensifying global impacts, we are continuing to monitor and manage both climate-related
risks and opportunities.
The following disclosures highlight the climate-related impacts identified for the Etsy marketplace, as well as the ways in which our ESG
strategy seeks to mitigate risks and leverage opportunities. We define short-term impacts as those expected to occur within 0-2 years,
medium-term impacts as those expected to occur within 2-5 years, and long-term impacts as those expected to occur after 5 or more
years. Etsy's Impact goal-setting process considers these climate-related impacts.
Identified Climate Opportunities & Management Response
Class
Energy
Source
Resource
Efficiency
Resource
Efficiency
Reputation
Opportunity Description Horizon
The availability of renewable
energy solutions presents
opportunities to reduce our
exposure to fossil fuel price
increases and reduce
operating costs.
Short-
Term
Reducing resource use across
our offices offers opportunities
to reduce operating costs
while strengthening employee
engagement and thus
improving retention.
Short-
Term
Regulatory policies that
promote lower-emission
modes of transport support
our goals of achieving net zero,
which may improve our
reputation, reduce costs from
carbon offsets, and help drive
revenue growth.
Medium
-Term
Changing consumer
preferences around
sustainable shopping present
opportunities for us to
differentiate as a values-driven
commerce brand.
Medium
-Term
Strengthening and
communicating our Impact
work - including emissions
reduction initiatives - presents
an opportunity to attract and
retain talent and enhance
relationships with our
communities.
Short-
Term
Management Response
100% Renewable Electricity
See the "Renewable Energy" section above for more information on our renewable energy
efforts.
Energy Efficiency
Our efforts to meet our goal of a 25% reduction in the intensity of our energy use in Etsy
marketplace offices and for computing by 2025 has reduced the impact of fuel price increases.
This includes our participation in the NYC
Carbon Challenge and exemplified by our
Brooklyn Headquarters' New York City Building Energy Grade of a B.
Our energy efficiency goals also present opportunities for our Systems Architect, Sustainability
to innovate new energy efficiency tools and processes and to enhance brand value through
vendor partnerships.
"Zero Waste"
See the "Zero Waste" section on page 24 for more information on our waste management
program.
Low-Emissions Transport
A significant portion of our Scope 3 emissions come from shipping. We recognize that
decarbonization of the transportation sector presents an opportunity for us to achieve
ambitious emissions reduction goals and strengthen our reputation. Our Advocacy Team
advocates for national and regional policies that have the potential to accelerate the
decarbonization of the transportation sector. We are especially focused on policies in the
United States that aim to improve electrification infrastructure and reduce emissions from
heavy- and medium-duty vehicles that are important in e-commerce logistics.
Customer Engagement
See the Marketplace Sustainability section on page 25 for an overview of the steps we're taking
to help sellers highlight their more sustainable items and enhance buyers' ability to shop their
values.
External Constituencies
We continue to provide robust ESG disclosures for investors and other constituencies.
Identified Climate Risks & Management Response
Category
Physical
Transition
Class
Acute
Policy and
Legal/
Tech
Market
Reputation
Risk Description
Extreme weather events have the
potential to:
* impact sellers' ability to make
and/or ship items to and
displace buyers, which could
temporarily decrease supply
and/or demand and disrupt
transit times;
* our offices at risk, or
negatively impact the
operations of our third-party
service providers.
New laws and regulations could
increase direct operational costs to
us in the short-term while stricter
environmental regulations may
place new burdens on our sellers
raising their costs in the medium-
term.
Increased commodity prices due to
climate change may increase
production costs for sellers and/ or
increase our operational costs.
External stakeholder expectations
may shift, raising questions about
our current impact efforts.
Failure to meet employee
expectations on Impact could
affect recruitment, retention, and
engagement of top talent.
Horizon
Medium-
and
Long-
Term
Short-
and
Medium-
Term
Long-
Term
Medium-
Term
Management Response
Seller Operations
As natural disasters increase in intensity and frequency, we are finding that
our sellers and buyers are correspondingly more frequently impacted. See our
"Helping Our Sellers Build Climate Resilience" section on page 26 for more
details.
Etsy's Operations
Our Workplace and Security Team develops and implements business
continuity plans through our Health, Safety, and Security program that are
intended to protect our employees in the event of physical disruptions at our
offices.
Regulations on Etsy
ESG and environmental disclosure regulations are increasing globally. As a
result of the evolving regulatory requirements, we have expanded our
standalone ESG reporting, including under the California Voluntary Carbon
Market Disclosures Act and CSR laws in India. These reports can be found in
the Governance section of our Investor Relations webpage. In addition, our
cross-functional ESG Disclosure Working Group strives to stay abreast of any
new disclosure regulations that are potentially relevant to our business.
Where needed, such as for CSRD, we may stand up new working groups to
better understand the regulation and develop an action plan.
Regulations on Sellers
Our Advocacy Team works to mitigate transition risks for sellers by
advocating for public policies that increase economic security and reduce
administrative burdens for creative entrepreneurs.
Commodity Markets
Our analysis indicated that the availability of commodities used by sellers,
such as cotton, may face risks due to extreme weather. Due to our
marketplaces' broad assortment of items, we do not anticipate
disproportionate short-term impacts on our business.
We purchase carbon offsets to cover Etsy, Inc.'s quantified annual emissions.
Our research shows that under lower emissions scenarios, the price of carbon
offsets is expected to increase dramatically. We mitigate this risk through
multi-year off-take agreements while focusing on emissions reduction in line
with our Net Zero target.
External Perceptions
We continue to focus on aligning our Impact and Sustainability efforts with
our business strategy to drive business value.
Employee Perceptions
We track how employees view Etsy's role in driving Impact and whether they
believe Etsy is meeting expectations. Through our aforementioned efforts, we
aim to ensure the gap between expectations and reality remains narrow.
Resilience of strategy across different climate-related scenarios
Over the past few years, we have worked with two external vendors to assess current climate-related impacts and understand how they
might change under different temperature pathways over time. In 2021, we conducted a qualitative scenario analysis in key markets
across Etsy marketplace's operations and marketplace activities while in 2022 and 2023 we conducted more quantitative scenario
analysis focused on physical risks to our U.S. and U.K. business and key partners. As part of these analyses, exposure pathways were
mapped to prioritized climate-related issues based on the Etsy marketplace's business model, data availability, and internal stakeholder
input. We used a range of representative concentration pathway ("RCP") scenarios, with the lowest emissions scenario being RCP2.6
and the highest emission scenario being RCP8.5, as well as models and reports from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Available climate scenario inputs and results were then collated and overlaid with the Etsy marketplace's seller and buyer information in
the United States and United Kingdom as well as key partner locations, allowing the analysis to pinpoint areas of concern.
Through this analysis we found that many key geographies are expected to face some degree of climate risk under different scenarios.
However, because the Etsy marketplace's buyer and seller base is distributed globally, we do not expect physical climate risks in any
one geography to disproportionately impact the business under any scenario in the short to medium-term. In addition, we believe our
strategy, articulated above, will help us reduce transition risks associated with a 2 degree or lower scenario. We aim to continue
improving our data collection and analysis on these topics to improve our understanding of long-term climate-related risks, quantify
opportunities and, if necessary, update our strategic planning.
Risk Management
Processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks
Our climate risk identification and assessment process is integrated into our company-wide risk management. We use a mix of
consultant support, third-party physical risk modeling, and public data to ground our research and risk analysis. Once a risk is identified,
our Sustainability Team, including the I&S Sr. Director and the Sr. Sustainability Manager, engage relevant internal risk owners to
evaluate the risk, assess existing controls, and, when necessary, escalate for oversight by senior management through Etsy's Risk
Steering Committee (see Governance in this section above for more detail). For example, the Sustainability Team collaborates with the
Advocacy Team to review climate policy proposals at the U.S. federal and state level and in key non-U.S. jurisdictions that might impact
Etsy, with the Analytics Team to monitor natural disaster impacts on buyers and sellers, and with the Sourcing Team to review climate-
related risks within our supplier base.
Processes for managing climate-related risks
The Sustainability Team works cross-functionally to develop management plans to address potential climate-related impacts. They
develop and propose updates to environmental goals on an annual basis, including goals designed to mitigate climate risks, which are
reviewed and approved by our Executive Team. For example, our goal to source 100% renewable electricity for office operations and
computing load reduces our exposure to carbon pricing and volatile energy prices. The Sustainability Team developed the goal,
proposed short-term targets and strategies to measure and reach those targets, and solicited approval from the Executive Team, who
ensured resources were provisioned and lines of accountability were appropriately set.
Processes for integrating climate-related risks into the overall risk management
At Etsy, climate-related risks are managed as part of ESG risk and are seen as both underlying drivers of other types of risks as well as
standalone risks. These risks, as well as their drivers, are monitored by the Sustainability Team. The I&S Sr. Director provides a written
status update on potential ESG risks to Etsy's Risk Steering Committee typically quarterly. The work of the Risk Steering Committee
helps inform which risks are reported to the Board of Directors.
Metrics and Targets
Metrics used to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with strategy and risk
management process
We monitor metrics related to our public environmental targets including total energy consumed, renewable energy percent, grid
electricity percent, Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions including product shipments, packaging, end-user energy use, water, and outgoing
waste material streams. For a historical view of our metrics, please view pages 32-35 of this Annual Report.
Internally, we track a number of additional climate-related metrics. For example, in 2024 we invested in carbon credits to offset our
quantified Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions, which effectively acts as an internal price on our emissions. Additionally, we track the voluntary
carbon market costs and carbon credit cost savings from specific emissions reduction activities. Related to natural disasters, we track
GMS impacts from FEMA designated natural disasters as well as the percentage of our sellers and buyers in regions exposed to
extreme weather events.
For all of our employees, compensation is tied to our financial performance, as well as individual contributions. While responsibility for
delivering on our Impact goals is distributed across the Company, each goal owner is responsible for incorporating work associated
with advancing their goal into team members' individual goals, which are considered when making compensation decisions. Members
of our Executive Team also serve as executive sponsors for specific Impact goals to help ensure teams stay on track and have the
value of executive leadership as plans are executed. For more information on our Executive Team's goals, please see our Proxy
Statement.
Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks
Please view pages 22-23 and 32-35 of this Annual Report for our GHG Emissions Summary.
Targets used to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets
We have four climate-related targets: science-based emissions reduction, renewable energy, total energy use, and waste. Details of
these targets including actions taken as part of our efforts to achieve them and performance against each can be found on pages 22-23
of this Annual Report.